4;He escaped, only to murder four more law-abiding innocent Canadians.  
3;Les services et l'infrastructure sont dficients dans bien des secteurs, et le gouvernement et le secteur priv ont t incapables de remdier  ce problme.  
4;Such a structure-which is unusual, to say the least-could result in a number of problems, since the schedule will have to be read in conjunction with the rest of the bill. 
1;After experiencing hardships, racial discriminations, Sikhs and people of South Asian origin should be commended for their openness, success and contributions to Canada.  
4;Elles sont reprsentes  tous les niveaux de gouvernement.  
3;It will only come back.  
5;This government is asking Canadian fishermen to forget about the fact that it has taken over three years to bring this legislation to the House.  
1;In the spirit that has been shown by the government House leader, I wonder if the House would give unanimous consent to question the minister for five minutes.  
3;En 1995, il y avait 437 garderies et prmaternelles coopratives au Canada. 
4;This agency had no practical experience in purchasing or simple procedures from which to operate.  
5;you and show the way, but say not a word as you go, and do not look at
1;heard of the good lady’s death, and that my lord your son was upon his
3; l'heure actuelle, ces genres de peines peuvent tre purges de faon concurrente. 
5;Mr. Speaker, is it not interesting that this government will put millions into propaganda but not one penny into advertising the dangers of toxic products used for the storage of blood? 
5;Why the double standard?  
2;Interestingly, section 17 of the bill stipulates that the person required to provide a sample can choose between blood, hair or any other bodily substance.  
1;Nous sommes d'avis que c'est une solution indite qui n'a pas t tente. 
3;coffin and say 'Thud! thud!' to my heart, till it send back the blood
4;Suit ensuite une liste de cas qui ne requirent pas d'autorisation supplmentaire, le cas no 2 tant Responsabilit en indemnisation couverte par la lgislation existante.  
1;Plusieurs associations de circonscription conservatrices ont expuls tous les dlgus qui y ont assist. 
3;So much besmear it. Pardon me, good lady;
2;Members 
0;of ‘Mad dog!’ you would take your gun—you would unhesitatingly shoot
5;As the hon. member may know, a former leader of his party used this protection while serving as a member of this House. 
2;.ta 3.3i +1.3i
0;So there you are, what a fine great country Canada is.  
0;’Tis not so sweet now as it was before.
1;Les libraux ont transmis ce message au gouvernement. 
4;even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
1;Most Canadians will be shocked when they learn, as they will, that the government is quite content with the projections for unemployment to remain above 8% until the new millennium. 
3;The tax hikes that we have had over the last number of years have strangled that opportunity for our young people. 
0;Mr. Chuck Strahl:
2;SIKH NATION 
0;-its failure to make adequate investments in health care, education, training, culture and the environment- 
4;Je voudrais tout d'abord transmettre les voeux de mon collgue, le dput d'Acadie-Bathurst qui ne pouvait malheureusement pas tre ici aujourd'hui.  
4;Le dput de Calgary-Centre a de toute vidence travaill ferme pour que ce projet de loi puisse faire l'objet d'un vote  la Chambre. 
3;am bigamist."
1;Monsieur le Prsident, c'est la premire fois depuis les lections que je prends la parole au sujet d'un projet de loi.  
1;The hon. parliamentary secretary is correct. 
3;Personally I do not believe that Bill C-387 would add anything to the government's ability to respond to the needs of Canadian producers.  
0;He also met with the Minister of Transport to discuss the airline takeover.  
0;coarse and yellow paper was the same in all four, the odor of tobacco
5;It must not fail to use the authority.  
1;Projet de loi C-494. 
1;I want to start by expressing appreciation to members of the Bloc Quebecois who brought forward this very timely, topical and relevant subject for us to debate today. 
1;The hon. member for Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca.  
5;Le Prsident:
4;Monsieur le Prsident, en dcembre dernier,  Kyoto, le gouvernement a approuv un protocole dans lequel le Canada s'est engag  rduire les missions de gaz  effet de serre  un niveau infrieur de 6 p. 100 par rapport  ceux de 1990 d'ici la priode de 2008  2010.  
0;On the subject of the powers to be given to everyone, not just Quebec, I would ask him to list the powers that will be given to Quebec and the other provinces in Canada as the result of the Calgary declaration.  
1;In closing, I would like to reiterate that the Bloc Quebecois supports Bill C-11. 
4;M. Jean Dub 
1;Were they just born?  
5;M. Nelson Riis 
5;La question du libre choix tait pose: les agriculteurs voulaient-ils vendre leur grain  l'acheteur de leur choix, y compris la Commission canadienne du bl? 
1;That is why we need a parliamentary committee with full hearings into this merger, a parliamentary committee that would travel around the country and allow the Canadian people to speak their minds. 
2;Pourtant, cette loi fonctionne. 
4;PAIRS 
3;CHAPTER 25. GOOD AND BAD ANGELS
0;L'hon. Jane Stewart 
5;servant’s fault; your stairs are so polished, it is like walking on
4;letter must have led to your condemnation.”
2;On dit que la faon dont le mdiateur-arbitre aura  rendre des dcisions, aura  rapprocher les partis devra tre un objectif clair. 
3;Flicitations  tous ces chercheurs et aux directeurs du Centre de recherche en infectiologie de l'Universit Laval, vritable joyau de la mdecine sur la scne mondiale.  
0;On ne peut s'empcher de se demander ce que les libraux pensaient lorsqu'ils ont propos pareille chose.  
2;I was very specific in my speech. 
1;Monsieur le Prsident, je ne sais pas ce que le dput entend par oprations terrestres.  
2;I ask, Mr. Speaker, that the remaining questions be allowed to stand.  
5;‘If not for their sakes; for mine, Micawber,’ said his wife.
2;Je suis ici pour dire au Parti rformiste qu'il y a des couples homosexuels qui ont des enfants. 
0;En fait, de nombreuses modifications apportes rcemment aux programmes d'aide aux tudiants au niveau fdral, notamment les dispositions tout  fait discriminatoires adoptes l'anne dernire qui interdisent  tout dtenteur d'un prt tudiant de faire faillite pendant dix ans, sont inspires par les grandes banques qui, de faon hypocrite, exercent des pressions contre les bourses aux tudiants et une baisse des droits de scolarit, mais font ensuite de l'argent grce  l'intrt peru sur les prts aux tudiants.  
2;In effect, we seem to be doing some of the dirty work of Milosevic in driving more Albanians out of Kosovo.  
3;"$Header: compress.c,v 4.0 85/07/30 12:50:00 joe Release $";
0;And Reform did not refuse to hear witnesses explain the impact that this would have on their livelihood; the government did.  
1;Le gouvernement du Canada doit quelque deux milliards de dollars  prs de 200 000 travailleurs. 
5;Professionals, even lawyers, are able to deduct the cost of office equipment which he or she needs in order to do their business. 
1;And of how coward a spirit.
0;I have given the letters; I threw them through the bars of my window
0;M. Andr Bachand 
0;“This is a magnificent habitation,” said Beauchamp, looking towards the
0;Mr. Speaker, today we are debating Bill C-49 which is important to all Canadians including aboriginal people.  
0;All the government had to say is that philosophically agriculture is a very important component to this society, that it believes in a very strong, domestic supply of food for our country. 
0;Mr. John Solomon:
5;the film ends with the attempted robbery of the hospital's pills with panic ensuing . 
4;Mr. Tom Wappel 
3;Our NATO and NORAD commitments are founded on the promise of immediate action against a threat to any alliance partner. 
0;what are club seats	These areas are air conditioned and allow access to special restaurants , merchandise stands , and lounge areas of the stadium that are not otherwise available .	0
1;PAIRED 
1;For once in this whole business, we want to speak together on an equal footing, with the same status, not inferior and not superior.  
3;Les grands ouvrages littraires du monde, dont le Coran , l'thique d'Aristote, le Roi Lear de Shakespeare, la Bible et les Analectes de Confucius rvlent les valeurs morales de base que sont l'intgrit, le respect de la vie humaine, la matrise de soi, l'honntet, le courage et le don de soi. 
5;In that vast tennis-court, have made the ball
2;this last trying hour. But, beyond this, gentlemen, the dear lady’s name
5;What will be his penalty? 
4;SCENE VII. Belmont. A room in Portia’s house.
5;If Quebecers are saying that 50% plus one is not enough to bring about such a major change, it means they have a sense of responsibility.  
1;Nous croyons fermement que le projet de loi C-5 rgle certaines difficults actuelles des coopratives: leur modernisation, la modernisation de l'conomie, la nature plus comptitive des entreprises et leur concurrence accrue avec les coopratives de tout le pays.  
4;to settle in that place, where they should not be attacked by the
0;Rejet de la motion no 90 
3;Division No. 145 
3;It was a very important initiative of the private sector to make sure the countries that wanted to train in Canada had the proper services. 
2;It is important to consider the Small Business Loans Act while keeping in mind that there are also other tools available. 
1;the film is at its most poignant in several sequences in which the grown william comes face-to-face with himself when younger . 
1;daughter Mademoiselle Lanoire, and the father, Monsieur Leblanc, so
4;facts could reach such deformity. If facts did their duty, they would
3;Once again, the issue of democracy should supersede sweeping ministerial powers.  
4;Yes, troublemakers. 
4;The only thing that would make their day a success would be to force a cabinet minister as dedicated and as hardworking as this one to resign from the job because of some trumped up nonsense.  
1;VINCENTIO.
5;Canada has always been regarded as a world leader and a driving force on the critical issues that threaten the preservation of our environment.  
4;Motions Nos. 91 and 92 
0;Why have we seen these high taxes? 
4;Mr. Speaker, thank you for calling in the members on this riveting Bill C-6. 
1;My colleague has continually asked the Minister of Justice what her plan is, yet we have come up against a brick wall.  
0;“Now it is you who are unjust, Maximilian,” cried Valentine; “but there
1;One of its recommendations was that the dominion government should make annual national adjustment grants to the needy provinces. 
3;Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the member what she thinks of the fact that her government decided in the budget to put all its eggs in one basket.  
0;Nous nous sommes engags  rationaliser la rglementation fdrale. 
2;Matthew Barrett of the Bank of Montreal said yesterday that none of them will close but I think there are 206 communities in Canada waiting for the other shoe to drop.  
1;Chapter 3.
5;Mr. Jim Gouk 
3;The Minister of Industry was bent on showing leadership. 
3;Le Prsident 
3;only in his shirt and trousers, was standing beside the light, holding
1;In a prologue to my speech I would like to comment on some of the things that have been said here. 
0;Avec 13 p. 100 de la population canadienne, ils n'y ont que 6 p. 100 des siges.  
0;Quebec stakeholders agree on the need to hold public hearings on the dredging of the St. Lawrence River. 
0;I think it is important to recognize that we have a somewhat unique circumstance in British Columbia when it comes to our ocean area. 
1;Les universits commencent  s'adapter aux diffrents modes de fonctionnement des tudiants qui prouvent des difficults d'apprentissage. 
2;.pp
3;Motion no 42 
1;What meant that caution joined, If ye be found 
3;Madam Speaker, pursuant to Standing Order 36 I have before me a petition signed by a great number of constituents from my riding of Huron-Bruce and other points in southwestern Ontario.  
3;settle down . 
0;     Tamara Swora
3;They have asked the minister to use the surpluses generated at everyone's expense to, first, reduce taxes, second, increase social transfers and, third, lower employment insurance contributions, so as to give businesses and workers a break. 
3;If that is what he wants then he does not need to be playing games with the question. 
4;Je sais bien que le dput tente d'tablir certains parallles, mais au cours des dix dernires minutes il n'a cess de discourir sur le recours  la clture au lieu de nous parler de ce projet ou des choses qu'il juge importantes.  
3;Why did this warden draw up that unescorted permit and why did he sign it?  
3;In New Brunswick we are getting job creation at $6.25 an hour. 
0;It is crazy and unbelievable.  
0;Deuximement, elle affirme que le SCRS a jou un rle actif dans la prparation de poursuites contre une dpute de l'opposition, allant jusqu' faire conseiller par son propre avocat le plaignant et son avocat.  
4;These groups, every single one of them, had constructive ideas as to how we might improve the bill, but none of them were acted upon. 
1;Comment auraient-ils pu le faire? 
0;a good turn for them. Let the King have the letters I have sent, and
4;      Darcy’s explanation, by restoring Bingley to all her former good
5;Il est trs important que notre pays ralise des progrs dans ces secteurs. 
2;accessible to an institution.  SEVERTSON pointed out that that file, cum
5;Flatly unjust, to bind with laws the free, 
0;Mean while they, in their earthly Canaan placed, 
2;Il a reu des tmoignages d'approbation. 
0;Bien sr, ils ont donn un dollar aux Indiens pour leurs terres, mais quelques annes plus tard, ces spculateurs revendaient les mmes terres 2,50 $ l'acre. 
1;Mr. Speaker, I rise on a point of order. 
1;This budget incorporates many suggestions made by constituents from my riding of Cambridge who are members of my community advisory council. 
0;Cette ptition se joint  celles prsentes par mes autres collgues du Bloc qubcois.  
4;M. John Bryden:
4;Monsieur le Prsident, je pense que vous constaterez qu'il y a consentement unanime pour adopter cet amendement. 
5;We believe that many crown corporations, as we have stated publicly a number of times, should either be privatized or go back to the departments that spawned them in the first place. 
0;As a matter of fact, we will eliminate the debt. 
5;Le dput a mentionn qu'il y a un an et demi dj que cet accord a t sign, et voil que nous tudions un projet de loi pour mettre en oeuvre ce qui l'a dj t.  
4;There are also some inflows to the extent that someone would withdraw from the workforce and provide direct parental care. 
1;Hon. Sergio Marchi 
2;Nous sommes en faveur des consultations, mais dans une situation comme celle-ci, la population ne veut pas que nous perdions du temps  tenir des consultations. 
1;The aboriginal people did not want them. 
1;only one thing . 
1;Feed him with apricocks and dewberries,
2;This area will be improved and will be continually supported by this government because of the excellent work that has been going on.  
4;if they are property , who do they belong to ? 
4;Sans l'habitat et l'cosystme, il n'y aurait plus d'espces. 
4;Monsieur le Prsident, je voudrais poser une question au dput au sujet de l'enregistrement des armes  feu. 
5;Les Amricains disposent aussi d'une aide d'urgence en cas de dsastre naturel. 
1;Des voix:
5;Des voix:
2;Voil des renseignements qui,  mon avis, peuvent tre utiliss de faon trs dangereuse.  
4;superfluous, but every requisite. Then, with a promptitude which
4;The previous speaker shared with us his tremendous knowledge. 
0;Monsieur le Prsident, je suis heureux de participer au dbat sur le projet de loi C-36.  
3;Je ne suis pas sr que le dput s'appuie sur des donnes exactes. 
3;Il repose sur le principe de l'entraide permanente et gnrale.  
3;Depuis quatre ans, le gouvernement du Qubec a mis en place toute une srie de tels instruments. 
4;It is very important that the consent or the consensus be from those whose rights are affected. 
2;On dcide de ne pas donner  chaque dput la possibilit d'intervenir. 
0;Mr. Speaker, we have not yet formally been asked to supply troops but there is preliminary work being done at NATO. 
5;These three budgetary items must, unfortunately, be kept under tight control at this time.  
5;  CLAUDIO. Why give you me this shame?
3;M. Alex Shepherd 
2;L'hon. Arthur C. Eggleton 
3;Va-t-il essayer d'annoncer cela aux Canadiens en sourdine la veille de Nol, ou devra-t-il revenir  la case dpart et recommencer tout le processus?  
0;Right to the last they frustrate it, Mr. Speaker. 
0;turning to Alice, she went on, `What's your name, child?'
4;QUESTIONS ON THE ORDER PAPER 
4;WORCESTER.
3;LES TLCOMMUNICATIONS 
1;cheerful. The old man sat in front to drive, and the two young people
1;TRADE 
2;It demonstrates the tools that we have, that we will use them and that we will take a stand. 
2;in fact , it reminded me of the bear , the river wild , and other various films mixed into an entirely different film . 
2;Mr. Speaker, the hon. member for Portneuf has painted a very clear picture of the situation in Serbia and Kosovo for us. 
3;side, Starbuck and Stubb, the mates, armed with their long spades,
1;Je comprends que le chmage est plus lev dans certaines rgions du pays, mais nous devons galement voir les taux de chmage par secteur pour nous assurer que nous aidons le plus de Canadiens possible, que nous les aidons galement. 
4;      unable to resist the temptation, added, “When you met us there
2;Hon. Marcel Mass 
5;Mr. Stphan Tremblay 
0;Si l'on veut avoir des rpercussions importantes et profondes sur la sant des Canadiens, notamment sur celle des jeunes, il faut faire en sorte que les jeunes acquirent de saines habitudes. 
1;Monsieur le Prsident, j'ai t contente de voir paratre le rapport du vrificateur gnral. 
2;Des lections doivent avoir lieu trs bientt dans ce pays. 
3;Nous ne devons pas approuver ce projet qui pourrait limiter encore davantage la capacit des municipalits d'offrir ces services.  
3;her death , though , is brilliant . 
0;Le budget de l'Agence des douanes et du revenu du Canada devra toujours tre approuv dans le cadre du systme gnral de gestion des dpenses du gouvernement. 
0;Mr. Speaker, I have the honour to present, in both official languages, the second report of the Standing Committee on Transport on Bill S-4, an act to amend the Canada Shipping Act. 
4;Cela m'apparat une rponse absolument limpide et parfaitement claire.  
3;They do not have a say in what it is going to cost to ship it here or there.  
4;Mr. Speaker, I tell my hon. colleague that I will take care of the collective bargaining process and I will make sure the Canada Labour Code is adhered to. 
4;Some hon. members:
5;Il convient aussi de souligner que, depuis 10 ans, le revenu disponible moyen a baiss au Canada. 
1;Le trait prvoit que le gouvernement versera, sur une priode de 15 ans, des paiements totalisant 253 millions de dollars. 
0;I would like an answer from the prime minister-in-waiting, please.  
4;work ten times harder than you do for their money. Then, though
5;Mr. Speaker, I too wish to join on behalf of our party in expressing our condolences to Mr. Fraser's family.  
1;M. Lee Morrison 
1;Comments by Members 
2;La majeure partie de l'expos de la dpute portait sur la Loi sur les Indiens. 
2;Dornavant, il faudra prendre de bonnes dcisions de gestion dans le secteur des pches pour reconstituer notre stock de poisson. 
5;The public spoke. 
0;Non.  
4;desperate idea came into my brain. But, once there, it remained there;
5;The tragedy at Westray was caused by a spark from a continuous mining machine that ignited methane gas, which then caused a coal dust explosion. 
3;M. Peter Stoffer 
0;First, Canadians are saying that they want a public pension system. 
4;If someone's child is having a learning problem, please go to a school teacher and stay away from the judge around the corner.  
4;‘Really, Master Copperfield,’ he said, ‘--I should say Mister, but I
0;fulfils it, and him by whom he is employed.” The abbé bowed. “Your
0;into the Oriental seas to witness the capture of not a few of their
1;Le premier ministre sait sans doute que des scientifiques du ministre de la Sant ont tmoign ce matin devant le Comit snatorial permanent de l'agriculture.  
0;If a small business hires someone between the ages of 18 and 24 in 1999 or 2000, their employment insurance premiums will be reduced to zero for those new hires. 
2;As many vouch’d rarities are.
0;Grand Sewer of Paris, an advancement analogous to that of a peasant who
5;This was highlighted in the Speech from the Throne.  
1;Il dit erronment que le fardeau n'est seulement qu'un fardeau fdral. 
0;what are dialysis tubes	Osmosis is when water passes through a semi-permeable layer to reach equilibrium .	0
5;Le parti de gauche, le Nouveau Parti dmocratique, rclame une augmentation des dpenses dans les programmes. 
4;  "And the new shepherd have been to Buck's Head,
4;LA FISCALIT 
2;Nous avons cern le problme trs clairement et d'une manire trs cible et nous avons propos des dispositions lgislatives qui permettront d'amliorer la situation pour les Canadiens. 
1;Mr. Speaker, does the hon. member think that the 83% of Canadians, those earning below $50,000 who had their income tax reduced, are not Canadian families? 
5;Why would he eliminate EI premiums for young people if he did not feel that the reduction or the elimination of those EI premiums would lead to increased job creation for young people?  
0;We have certain breaks now for those who are having difficulty with their student loans. 
4;passed and re-passed his Island of Monte Cristo twenty times, but not
2;Monsieur le Prsident, ce qui s'est pass hier, c'est que le syndicat annonait la reprise des ngociations pendant que la partie patronale refusait de rpondre au tlphone, refusait de rpondre aux journalistes, refusait de rpondre  la partie syndicale.  
4;Mon parti propose l'utilisation d'une macroformule. 
5;REFORM PARTY OF CANADA 
3; ce chapitre, il est utile de rappeler l'article 25 de la Dclaration universelle des droits de l'homme qui souligne que: Toute personne a droit  un niveau de vie suffisant pour assurer sa sant, son bien-tre et celui de sa famille.  
3;The Speaker:
1;Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to see that the leader of the fifth party has recognized this serious crisis did not happen overnight.  
2;  PRINCE JOHN. The word of peace is rend'red. Hark, how they shout!
3;Par contre, la rduction des subventions est une tche complexe et difficile qui ne peut tre ralise  court terme. 
4;J'y voyais un exemple de la partialit de la prquation qui se retrouve dans chaque programme de transfert que le gouvernement offre aux provinces. 
5;Guids par de nombreuses annes d'exprience dans l'application de l'article du Rglement qui porte sur la cohrence et la concision des questions inscrites au Feuilleton , les fonctionnaires de la Chambre sont toujours disposs  aider les dputs  prparer leurs questions et  discuter avec eux ou avec leurs collaborateurs de tout problme qui peut survenir.  
0;Only the government could complicate something so simple that bad.  
5;Lorsqu'on vient parler de mandat interne, dire que la Commission canadienne du tourisme doit organiser l'offre touristique  l'intrieur du Canada et en faire la promotion, on sait trs bien que l'actuel gouvernement fdral va se servir de ces mots dans la loi pour, en bout de ligne, tre capable de faire une promotion, non pas du tourisme canadien, mais du systme fdral canadien. 
3;	you are my eldest brother; and, in the gentle
1;Oui, il est riche. 
4;It deals with the issues of cutbacks as a result of government belt tightening. 
2;“These words had been pronounced with such enthusiasm and evident
0;Je me suis dj entretenu avec le secrtaire  l'agriculture des tats-Unis et le commissaire de l'agriculture de l'Union europenne. 
2;D'autres pays ont peut-tre des structures diffrentes pour le contrle civil, mais la plupart sont fondes sur les principes d'impartialit, d'galit, d'quit et d'indpendance. 
3;J'aimerais que les Canadiens, o qu'ils se trouvent au pays et  l'tranger, et ceux qui servent outre-mer, et qui suivent l'actualit canadienne, s'intressent en premier lieu  ce qui passe au Parlement et  ce que nous disons et faisons en cet endroit.  
0;    To have it added to the faults of mine,
4;The government is going after a small group of taxpayers, 50,000 senior citizens. 
0;Je vais conclure l-dessus. 
2;Monsieur le Prsident, le mois dernier, le gouvernement fdral a annonc le lancement de Choix-tudes interactif. 
5;GOODS AND SERVICES TAX 
3;Monsieur le Prsident, j'ai trois ptitions  prsenter. 
0;Ils savent galement qu'ils doivent agir. 
2;"Forest Scenes."  "You must lend me these, Basil," he cried.  "I want
2;La commission ajoute que les deux parties directement en conflit doivent parvenir  une solution ou que le gouvernement doit agir immdiatement. 
4;Il y a eu dernirement des dcisions de la cour concernant un couple qui avait t ensemble pendant 25 ans. 
0;This bill is a significant first step in that direction. 
2;Political ministers are an excepted reality and they should be accountable to this House. 
5;I thank them in advance.  
5;him. He had for years been known as a professional beggar, but his life
0;Je dclare la motion no 338 rejete. 
4;When we took office EI premiums were $3.30 per $100 of employment income. 
2;Any unemployment is still too much, but certainly within the target group the member is interested in there has been considerable progress. 
5;In my area there is a well functioning group that is carrying on these activities with young people.  
3;Cet accord a permis de renouveler l'engagement des gouvernements fdral, provinciaux et territoriaux envers les cinq principes inhrents  la Loi canadienne sur la sant, permettant ainsi de garantir que les Canadiens de partout au pays continueront d'avoir accs aux meilleurs soins de sant possible. 
4;Monsieur le Prsident, aujourd'hui est le premier jour du Mois de la sensibilisation au cancer du sein. 
5;This budget was supposed to make the lives of Canadians better. 
2;her teenage son beau , a talented trumpet player with strong prospects of being accepted into wesleyan university's music program , has fallen in with the wrong crowd . 
1;I have a petition from Canadians in the provinces of Quebec and Ontario who call on Parliament and the government to declare that Canada is indivisible and that Canada's boundaries should not be altered without a free vote of Canadian citizens or using the amending formula contained in the Canadian Constitution.  
5;The Coastal Communities Network has asked time and time again that before any treaty process is settled or signed there be open and transparent hearings, at least in committee, as to exactly what should be in the treaty.  
4;Motion agreed to 
2;L'ancien CCF appuyait le recours accru  des mesures comme les rfrendums, les initiatives des citoyens et la rvocation des dputs, qui ne sont pas tellement diffrentes de celles qui figurent  l'heure actuelle dans le programme du Parti rformiste.  
4;Je voudrais conclure mes observations en citant un article de Helen Fallding paru dans le Free Press de Winnipeg. 
2;With that input we have implemented stricter training requirements. 
2;Ils font remarquer que dans de nombreux tats amricains, la cruaut envers les animaux constitue maintenant un dlit grave punissable d'une peine allant d'un an d'emprisonnement  dix ans de travaux forcs et d'amendes pouvant atteindre 100 000 $. 
1;Whose glittering margins raised with silver shine,
5;The phrase ``under statutory authority'' in this regard is both clear and necessary. 
1;La priode de surveillance, qui sera sous contrle provincial, sera assortie de conditions obligatoires ou optionnelles adaptes  chaque personne.  
0;Le trs hon. Jean Chrtien 
5;Clearly such a huge task should be shared by all levels of government. 
3;Globalement, le Qubec vend prs de 50 p. 100 de sa production  l'extrieur de son territoire.  
0;Ce document proposait des compressions de 25 milliards de dollars, qui se seraient sans doute traduites par des rductions de programmes et de services. 
5;Les conservateurs agissaient de la mme faon  l'poque o ils taient au pouvoir dans les annes 1984  1992. 
5;the movie follows a calculated chain of events -- kevin's gloom fades , snively gets his comeuppance and buddy contracts rabies and must be executed old yeller-style . 
4;We cannot take a chance and support a bill which only seeks to centralize the collection of taxes in Canada, reduce the number of jobs at the Department of National Revenue and, more importantly, create an agency that will, yet again, interfere with the Quebec department of revenue.  
2;      “Am I right?”
1;Only parliament can reflect on the wishes of its constituents.  
1;As time passes it is like the dance of a thousand veils that we are seeing from the government. 
5;These kinds of decisions make it more difficult for the police to protect us, our families and our children.  
1;Les rformistes pensent qu'ils devraient contrler les juges. 
3;GOVERNMENT RESPONSE TO PETITIONS 
4;They take time and effort and dedication.  
2;Mr. Speaker, 14 years ago Tom Guzik, a hard-working immigrant from Poland, started the first computer retail store in Thunder Bay. 
3;Mr. Ted White 
2;If, as a Bloc member just mentioned, they do not mind seeing Canadian flags in Quebec, I wonder why they are making such a fuss about the fund, given that its operation will fully respect Quebec's jurisdiction, particularly if it uses the existing channels.  
1;To separate the husband and the wife.
3;I started my debate off by expressing some serious concerns about judicial decisions in my riding. 
2;Ms. Jocelyne Girard-Bujold 
3;"I must not deceive myself; it was no dream, but all a grim reality."
2;full heart, thanked my guiding spirit for conducting me in safety to the
4;Et la situation va de mal en pis. 
1;Nous pouvons faire quelque chose aujourd'hui en appuyant le projet de loi C-374. 
3;interval of three or four days of liberty, to withdraw a considerable
5;Il est sr que je ne suis pas souverainiste, il est sr que je ne suis pas libral. 
3;La ministre a annonc la dpense de 32 millions dans le domaine de la prvention de la criminalit. 
2;Et aussi pour l'amendement  la motion no 3? 
4;It occurred to me that Reform and Bloc members are provincial members of the federal parliament. 
5;LE GOUVERNEMENT DU CANADA 
4;melvin is a man we can't quite figure out , but whose mannerisms and quirky qualities capture our attention . 
2;It is the proper place of this place to define things in law. 
4;Revenons donc  la Loi sur l'Office d'investissement. 
0;Fresh kings are come to Troy. Tomorrow
5;Ce qui est important, aujourd'hui, c'est d'entendre les autres partis politiques, d'entendre ce qu'ils ont  dire pour nos amis camionneurs que l'on rencontre tous les jours quand on est sur la route. 
4;Nous avons dj vu des dtenus ayant fait des sjours dans des centres correctionnels poursuivre le gouvernement pour diverses raisons. 
3;he only makes the film even more tv-movie-ish . 
0;Charitable organizations operate in a variety of sectors. 
4;Au lieu de consacrer 116 000 $  un comit sur les personnes ges et la sexualit, on pourrait se servir de cet argent pour aider beaucoup de jeunes familles. 
4;Set roaring war: to the dread rattling thunder
5;That goal is to try to find a balance between the interests and priorities of Canadians and those of government workers.  
5;.ul
3;CANADA'S BLOOD SUPPLY 
2;And even for that do I love you the more.
1;J'ai toujours achet des automobiles qui me procuraient beaucoup plus de plaisir que cela. 
0;Monsieur le Prsident, les Canadiens ont t profondment attrists par la mort de membres de nos Forces ariennes tus en service.  
2;In most cases the small and medium size enterprises depend an awful lot on the same financial institutions we speak about in this legislation. 
0;Le Qubec souhaite que l'on comprenne une fois pour toutes que, pour des raisons socioculturelles, il tient de faon absolue et intgrale au respect de ses comptences constitutionnelles et qu'il n'accepte  leur propos aucune ingrence fdrale directe ou indirecte.  
5;Between 1995 and 1998, it actually increased provincial health care spending by $1.2 billion, more than any other province. 
5;Aussitt que cette dcision a t rendue, quelques annes plus tard, en 1976, le gouvernement a dit qu'il allait commencer  ngocier avec les Nisga'as. 
2;Il n'y a pas de quoi se pter les bretelles. 
5;Joseph Maingot's Parliamentary Privilege in Canada on page 233 states that forgery or fraud in the preparation of petitions could be treated as a matter of contempt since that would constitute an affront to the House of Commons. 
2;Entre-temps, les gouvernements se prosternent devant les compagnies de tabac. 
5;Almost every family in Canada has in some manner been touched by this disease. 
1;I wish members of the Reform Party, especially the leader of the Reform Party, would take the member for Saskatoon-Humboldt by the scruff of the neck and stop him from abusing his parliamentary privileges by calling PSAC workers on strike hooligans, thugs and thieves. 
5;Of head or heel:  Not therefore joins the Son 
1;One of the problems we are facing now is the massive deregulation of capital and capital flows.  
1;Je pense qu'on a trs bien vu que le gouvernement fdral n'est pas capable de sortir des ornires et que, du moment o il y a des sous de disponibles, il faut qu'il recommence  les saupoudrer dans dans des programmes par souci lectoraliste.  
2;Nous devons tudier la question de l'utilisation des aires marines de conservation en songeant  inclure une allusion aux mthodes de conservation et aux principes cologiques. 
2;general campbell wants to keep the case out of the press , which gives brenner only the 36 hours before the fbi steps in . 
3;M. Paul Crte 
2;Rejet de la motion no 469 
5;Some organizations are talking of losses of $40 billion for individuals. 
1;TRADE 
3;Monsieur le Prsident, j'ai trois rapports  prsenter. 
5;Mr. Speaker, I have the honour to present the 23rd report of the Standing Committee on Procedure and House Affairs regarding the membership of the Standing Committee on National Defence and Veterans Affairs, and I would like to move concurrence at this time.  
5;The decision made in consultation with Canadians and with the approval of two-thirds of the provinces representing two-thirds of the population of the country was that the planned increase to 10.1% in the year 2010 which would keep the Canada pension plan sustainable was not a sufficient approach to dealing with the realities of the day.  
5;Cela fera une norme diffrence dans l'excution du Code criminel aux frontires et, par consquent, rendra nos collectivits plus sres.  
1;Dans l'ensemble, plus de 1,4 million de familles canadiennes comprenant 2,5 millions d'enfants bnficieront d'une augmentation de leurs prestations fdrales pour enfants  compter de juillet.  
5;It is important to review it, check a few things and eventually perhaps go along with the member.  
5;tant donn la structure du rgime, aucune somme d'argent n'a t accumule pour payer les prestations. 
0;They want some understanding that they can have a minimum of protection in the Constitution. 
2;Le projet de loi prvoit que les partenaires de mme sexe auront droit aux avantages des rgimes, mais sans voquer les sexes. 
0;Becomes him nobly; So do's Arcites mirth,
0;Is the legislation doing what we set out to accomplish? 
4;That was embarrassing. 
2;Trois ans plus tard, il a t lu  la Chambre des communes. 
1;They embrace co-operative principles which centre around concepts of democratic control, equality, equity, education and concern for community. 
1;another thing is the destruction scenes . . . 
0;	{voiced} T {voiced}	DT
4;The hon. member obviously does not have his facts correct. 
1;There are three basic pillars of the argument. 
2;We will never know them but they are ours. 
4;Does the hon. member have the unanimous consent of the House?  
4;YEAS 
0;To answer the question simply, I have been trying to get to the Department of Indian and Northern Affair. 
0;LES SOINS DE SANT 
5;Quel a t le rle des parlementaires? 
0;which these two feeble creatures are surrounded that the degree of
4;Je crois que nous pouvons faire bonne route ensemble.  
1;If governments are not perceived as being sufficiently accountable, they are replaced at election time. 
4;Nous savons qu'il existe de graves problmes dans l'industrie du porc et celle du grain. 
3;In earnest, shall I say?
5;M. Sarkis Assadourian 
1;Mme Karen Redman 
5;Toute lecture attentive de l'histoire du logement coopratif montrera que le degr d'ingrence des pouvoirs publics est inversement proportionnel  l'efficacit de la gestion des coopratives.  
1;The first effect was to dazzle him.
0;Si nous prenions une autre dcision sur notre faon de vivre, elle aurait alors cet argent  sa disposition. 
2;That is one of the issues we have from a competitiveness perspective because the government treats people making over $60,000 as though they were rich.  
0;Sections 2, 4 and 5 come into force on February 22, 2001 and the remaining provisions of this Act come into'' 
5;That is exactly what we have done. 
0;Monsieur le Prsident, tous les pays du monde vont se rendre  Kyoto. 
2;On parle d'investissement dans la sant, on parle d'investissement dans la qualit de vie, on parle d'investissement dans l'espoir des jeunes.  
3;It is not good bookkeeping and it is certainly not good economics. 
5;shoemaker should meddle with his yard and the tailor with his last, the
3;It should not be a shock but the regions that are getting ripped off the most by the Liberal government are, as usual, the west and the north. 
4;I do not believe that is acceptable and I look for solutions from an individual like this who is actually constructive in his comments.  
4;Indeed, this code of ethics refers not only to actual or potential conflicts of interest, but also to apparent conflicts of interest.  
2;This is a real mess.  
4;If we want to fix a combine, a tractor, a lawnmower, the prices have escalated to points where we just cannot afford to operate these things any more.  
4;Tout indique pourtant que le respect de l'environnement est profitable aux entreprises. 
1;I think he will understand that the issue is not whether it is new or old. 
4;With respect to the Participaction program, Health Canada has provided Participaction with funds for advertising and other promotional activities related to physical activity: 
1;C'est la raison pour laquelle celles qui peuvent faire l'objet d'un vote font l'objet de ce qui est cens tre un vote libre  la Chambre des communes. 
4;Comment peut-on valuer un budget qui n'est bas sur rien? 
1;Mr. Speaker, Rosaire Morin, senior editor of the magazine l'Action Nationale , died yesterday at the age of 77, after an exceptional life of action, thought, research and writing.  
4;Monsieur le Prsident, je voudrais rpondre aux deux questions du dput.  
3;Nous, parlementaires, pouvons vraiment jouer un rle  cet gard.  
1;  `If there's no meaning in it,' said the King, `that saves a
0; Enter Helena, Widow and Diana with two Attendants.
3;i did however enjoy director duguay's interesting style and cinematic vision . 
3;I shall continue thankful.
0;He cannot have it both ways.  
0;Or, il y a tout cela dans ces ngociations sur les relations de travail.  
5;Ce projet de loi respecte la situation exceptionnelle qui existe au nord du 60e parallle, sans pour autant compromettre le principe de l'galit. 
5;Je pense que les gens pourront quand mme commencer  fonctionner le 1 er avril 1999, mais il faut comprendre que cela prendra un certain temps pour que l'ensemble de la dvolution soit complte.  
5;Il s'est attaqu  son propre peuple. 
5;Members 
5;hell with you and your souls!" he shouted. "Why do you plague me about
3;That is where we should begin. 
4;I remind members that they must always address their remarks through the Chair.  
1;Barter’--a name selected from the arithmetic book as expressing this
4;Monsieur le Prsident, j'ai cout avec beaucoup d'intrt les propos de notre collgue de Elk Island.  
2;Ms. Marlene Jennings:
3;It was more that he feels that there is probably consensus. 
4;Yet when questioned they said even though that proved and identified illegal refugees who could be sent right back on the next plane, they did not follow that policy. 
5;LES TRAVAUX DE LA CHAMBRE 
1;The government is trampling on their right to withhold their services.  
2;De son ct, l'Organisation des Nations unies avait dcrt l'anne 1998, l'Anne des ocans, et il fallait alors accomplir des actions remarquables pour souligner un tel vnement.  
5;M. Yves Rocheleau 
1;Ne reconnat-il pas que notre dette est deux fois plus leve que celle des Amricains, nos concurrents les plus proches, et que cela alourdit notre fardeau fiscal au point o les agriculteurs se retrouvent dans une situation qui leur est nettement dsavantageuse? 
5;En fvrier 1994, dans son premier budget, le ministre des Finances a dit, comme je l'ai rappel, que les charges sociales constituaient un obstacle  la cration d'emplois. 
2;Mr. Speaker, my question is for the Minister of Natural Resources.  
4;Je peux dire au secrtaire parlementaire que, dans Burin-St. 
5;The official opposition congratulates the premiers of Canada for working on behalf of all Canadians and we call upon the Prime Minister to begin doing the same.  
0;CANADIAN FORCES 
5;Que la motion no 123 concernant le projet de loi C-2 soit modifie 
2;Comme nous le savons, bon nombre de gouvernements possdent de nombreuses installations lectriques. 
4;What an illusion.  
1;Mr. Speaker, with the way the New Democratic Party is performing in the House of Commons and in the country it would be very easy for me to achieve that goal.  
4;Si nous pensons que c'est exagr, posons-nous la question: quel groupe autochtone va se satisfaire de moins que ce que le gouvernement fdral et le gouvernement provincial accordent aux Nisga'as?  
1;Canadians deserve tax cuts. 
0;We must always be prudent as parliamentarians not to impose an excessive amount of laws and regulations on the private sector.  
2;We must now find out from Ontario the details of its new position and also find out whether Quebec will take the same position and provide a financial contribution for those infected before 1986.  
0;Mr. Speaker, the action in defence of Canadian forestry practices is already well underway.  
1;An hon. member:
5;Madame la Prsidente, je suis heureux de participer  cet important dbat.  
5;PAIRS 
4;NISGA'A FINAL AGREEMENT ACT 
1;person, dressed in a blue coat, with buttons of a similar color, a
3;Ce sont l des renseignements de nature commerciale de la plus haute importance et qui pourraient faire beaucoup de tort aux travaux de la Commission du bl s'ils arrivaient aux oreilles de la concurrence.  
3;Rien de ce que nous pouvons faire dans cet endroit en tant que lgislateurs-adopter des lois, faire la politique et y donner suite-ne pourra jamais l'emporter sur la nature. 
4;.pp
1;Mr. Michel Gauthier 
2;PAIRED 
5;Keep house and port and servants, as I should;
1;Now we can proceed.  
1;Dans le pass, avec des priodes de stabilit relative dans les taux de cotisation, les rgimes de pension de la fonction publique aussi ont bnfici de cette structure intgre. 
3;Finalement, le Qubec recevra 29 p. 100 de tous les transferts, alors que la population du Qubec reprsente 24 p. 100 de la population canadienne.  
1;Dans le jargon qui lui est propre, ce document porte le nom de projet de loi sur la clart. 
5;“Ah, so much the better, I feared this little precaution might have
2;Life on Earth is so important that all of us are talking about it. 
3;C'est un fait. 
5;Nous croyons que les programmes de distribution de drapeaux gratuits et les subventions  des groupes d'intrt particulier qui demandent toujours plus d'argent illustrent parfaitement ce qui ne va pas dans ce gouvernement. 
5;Que le comit soit habilit  soumettre des rapports priodiques,  demander  rencontrer certaines personnes ou  voir certains documents, ainsi qu' reproduire tous les documents ou autres lments de preuve qui lui sembleront utiles; 
3;J'en appelle aujourd'hui solennellement aux dputs du Parti libral, je les invite  s'affranchir une fois pour toutes de l'attitude de leur chef et de voter selon leur conscience. 
5;Plat-il  la Chambre d'adopter la motion?  
3;how indians ended up in fiji	They are mostly descended from indentured labourers , girmitiyas or girmit , brought to the islands by Fiji 's British colonial rulers between 1879 and 1916 to work on Fiji 's sugar cane plantations .	0
4;      postscript of the last with trembling energy.— Though Lydia had
5;persons swallow the contents of a phial, or suck the button of a ring,
1;Ce dernier extrait, cette clause omnibus, souligne le but fondamental de la probation qui est de protger la socit mais aussi de faciliter la rintgration d'un dtenu dans la socit.  
3;This is a sensible breakthrough which results from an interesting analysis of the OECD guidelines relating to personal information protection. 
5;AIR TRANSPORTATION 
2;LES PRISONS 
0;Be there in person?
2;M. Paul DeVillers:
1;Dputs 
2;The Prime Minister's answer at that time was ``In life some people are lucky, some are not. 
0;room, calling for help as loudly as she could, when suddenly her
0;Les libraux devraient remercier les tudiants qui ne peuvent plus se permettre de payer leurs frais de scolarit, les tudiants qui devront rembourser des dettes considrables parce que les libraux ont tellement impos l'enseignement que l'tudiant canadien moyen ne peut plus se le permettre.  
3;Le Bloc qubcois est heureux d'apporter une contribution trs significative  cette prise de conscience, contribution d'autant plus significative que le Bloc qubcois est  mme de juger des dfaillances normes que l'on retrouve dans le projet de loi, parce que justement, au Qubec, nous avons une loi visant  protger le renseignement personnel au niveau des entreprises prives. 
2;Canadians who went before us made it possible for books by and about Canadians to be published in Canada. 
5;A court that imposes a sentence shall also take into consideration the following principles: 
0;disgraceful brawls took place, two of which ended in the police-court,
4;As I said on many occasions because I feel it is quite crucial, this will encourage exchange of information between researchers. 
4;La commission s'est mise en rapport avec le gouvernement au sujet de l'octroi de crdits et aprs avoir examin srieusement la question, le solliciteur gnral a rejet cette requte.  
2;We know that small and medium size businesses create jobs. 
3;PANDARUS.
5;Mr. Gilles Duceppe:
2;whether we would or no. If we had a quick voyage it would be no to our
2;If farmers want to add votes, rye, flax, canola to the Canadian Wheat Board's existing mandate, that too can be done subject to three conditions. 
5;Bien que selon la tradition de cette Chambre les comits soient matres de leurs dlibrations, ils ne peuvent instituer de procdure qui dpasse les pouvoirs que la Chambre leur a confrs.  
1;Bill S-2 was introduced in the Senate on September 30, 1997. 
4;Ainsi,  l'issue d'une srie d'examens tals sur quatre jours qui a eu lieu  Kitchener, en Ontario, 25 des 40 reprsentants canadiens viennent du Qubec.  
2;rebecca pidgeon , david mamet's wife , who gave a fairly awful performance in the spanish prisoner is at the top of her game here as arthur's oldest daughter , a flailing feminist who gives her all to the winslow case as a way for making up for her lack of success in the women's suffrage movement . 
1;dying are to be said, and then the prayers for the dead. We shall be at
3;J'ai vu l'exemple du gouvernement. 
3;this is a stagy film adapted from roger rueff's play " hospitality suite . ''its 
0;This point-blank query unmistakably confused her,
1;Motion no 42 
2;Mr. Speaker, I rise on a totally unrelated matter, although I agree very strenuously with the comments put forward by the House leader of the New Democratic Party.  
4;Motion No. 45 
1;Je suis sr de se qui s'est pass. 
2;    with these tidings.                              Exit SIMPLE
0;the reason ? 
0;Nous sommes d'avis qu'il y a tout lieu de rgler ce genre de questions dans le cas des Nisga'as.  
2;Le vice-prsident:
1;Mr. Rahim Jaffer 
3;Ce n'est pas une dcision que je rends. 
3;ball-dress, with neck uncovered and flowers in her hair, in front of
2;court.
0;In this case, I am being told what Quebec's president of the bar said. 
3;there is no doubt that this is an interesting world in which they live . 
0;Hon. Anne McLellan 
1;I am referring to Option Canada.  
2;There will be tax cuts, but at the same time we will not overlook the most important things, such as health care, social programs and the children's agenda. 
5;However, we do live here and we have turned it into a garden of Eden where we grow specialty crops.  
3;On s'en sert comme un simple objet reprsentant le nationalisme.  
1;Il y a,  mon avis, dans des rgimes parlementaires comme celui du Canada mais aussi d'autres pays, un dficit dmocratique rel, dans la mesure o les parlementaires qui vont tre invits et amens, comme nous le sommes d'ailleurs aujourd'hui avec le projet de loi C-4,  adopter des lois dont le contenu est dict,  bien des gards, par le contenu des traits qui ont t ngocis par des gouvernements, sans jamais que les parlements aient t associs au dbat ou  la discussion du contenu de ces traits.  
4;Antiphates became father of Oicleus, and Oicleus of Amphiaraus, who was
1;Monsieur le Prsident, le ministre de la Sant laissait croire, hier, que les discussions d'Edmonton permettraient d'avancer vers un rglement dfinitif du dossier de l'hpatite C. 
4;Golden opinions from all sorts of people,
2;  FIRST CITIZEN. Good morrow, neighbour. Whither away so
0;I think it is the most serious place in the land.  
4;well , with praise like that , i figured , it must be good and so i headed off to the theater . 
3;Yea.  
5;Vote n o 637 
5;Comme je l'ai dit, j'appuie vraiment la motion prsente aujourd'hui par le Bloc Qubcois. 
0;The project says ``the replicas will remind people of the fragility of our environment and the importance of nurturing it in the next millennium''. 
5;La peine pour un adulte reconnu coupable de meurtre est la prison  perptuit. 
2;all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
4;that no one wondered to see the father so absorbed in his professional
3;      The promised letter of thanks from Mr. Collins arrived on
2;THERSITES.
4; ce jour, cependant, le gouvernement amricain n'a donn aucune suite concrte  ses dclarations de la premire heure.  
1;Mr. Bernard Bigras 
3;Le Parti rformiste. 
2;Je sais qu'il sera trs difficile de convaincre les gens d'en face, et particulirement la dpute de Winnipeg-Centre-Nord, mais nous allons russir  rgler le problme.  
2;He had a fit on an issue that is not one in this House. 
0;One night—it was in June, ’89—there came a ring to my bell, about the
2;In fact, true economic union and social union go hand in hand. 
5;The government is democratically elected and it is expected to fulfil its mandate on behalf of all the people in the country. 
3;power of brain to retain it.”
2;Hon. Paul Martin 
0;Mr. Randy White 
5;It is quite evident that the opposition does not want the inquiry to work. 
0;We know now that the Inuit people were in Canada's Arctic and high Arctic over 4,000 years ago. 
0; titre d'information, monsieur le Prsident, je dirai aussi aux dputs que non seulement le comit est  majorit librale, mais aussi que la reprsentation librale au comit compte le whip en chef du gouvernement, le leader adjoint du gouvernement  la Chambre et d'autres minents dputs libraux qui ont des responsabilits importantes.  
2;Elle se rsume essentiellement  savoir non seulement si la Chambre des communes devrait ou non tre consulte, mais aussi si elle devrait avoir la possibilit de voter sur le dploiement de troupes, en particulier de troupes terrestres dans la rgion du Kosovo.  
0;Ils veulent que le gouvernement agisse. 
0;vowed full and sufficient hecatombs to all the gods if they would only
4;with a smile which lights up the screen , she effectively conveys kimmy's insecurity and utter sweetness in an endearing manner , and never hits a false note in the film . 
2;I could continue to talk about this matter but will add only a few notes. 
0;MARCELLUS.
3;The tragic events in the Toronto area last month are but a sad reminder that the current laws against flight have not been strong enough to deter a criminal from fleeing a pursuing police officer. 
2;I reiterate the despair I feel in the fact that the government has simply neglected the country's transportation system. 
4;I personally look forward to voicing the views of my constituents in this great Parliament, and like all good parliamentarians I will listen more and judge less. 
2;Monsieur le Prsident, ma question au dput rformiste de l'le de Vancouver se veut plus ou moins une dclaration et une clarification de ce que le ministre a dit tout  l'heure.  
4;Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself or herself and his or her family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services, and the right to security in the event of unemployment, sickness, disability, old age or other lack of livelihood and circumstances beyond his or her control.  
3;Mr. Speaker, the minister has told the House that the protection of Kosovo civilians and the search for peace in Kosovo are the government's highest priorities. 
3;In vain, unskilful to the goal they strive,
4;involves testing of the Macintosh implementation of AM.  Since the
3;S'il le savait, il comprendrait alors que lorsque la population augmente d'un million de personnes sur dix ans, on doit prvoir des programmes et des initiatives supplmentaires par le gouvernement en matire d'infrastructure ou de transport.  
0;If a Reform member from British Columbia or an NDP member from Regina does something people do not like, every three, four or five years the people can say no. 
2;TROILUS.
4;    And, that thou mayst perceive my fear of this,
5;Just last evening I met with people in Happy Valley, Goose Bay, Labrador regarding the alternative service delivery in the privatizing of that base. 
0;Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in the House today to speak on the Senate amendments to Bill C-37, an act to amend the Judges Act and other consequential acts.  
4;VENUS.
0;Nous avons mis sur pied une programmation qui est adapte aux nouvelles ralits conomiques, c'est--dire IDE-PME, qui nous permet d'intervenir en fonction de notre juridiction, de nos comptences et de notre expertise et et qui nous permet galement d'offrir  l'ensemble des rgions du Qubec un beau partenariat avec l'appareil gouvernemental fdral.  
2;It was the same one raised by the whip of the official opposition. 
1;I am sure I will have the occasion to provide more citations in the questions to follow.  
4;‘Too delicate and difficult a subject for such interference,’ I replied.
2;They would then have the right to stay.  
1;He drives very, very slowly. 
1;M. Peter MacKay 
5;La fermeture cause normment de problmes  de nombreux Canadiens et  leur famille. 
1;Le Prsident:
4;We have to deal with all four areas before we can solve the fiscal problems that we have.  
5;Is there unanimous consent for the tabling of this document?  
5;M. Bob Speller:
3;My personal philosophy on this issue has been that the public should have access to natural health products if there is not proven harm, not proven side effects and not proven contamination. 
3;Introduction and first reading 
3;Mr. Speaker, indeed it is a powerful instrument. 
2;One of the reasons the program was terminated was that it was very often unfair and inequitable, particularly because it applies only to workers over the age of 55. 
2;Le dput a-t-il le consentement unanime de la Chambre pour conclure son intervention?  
3;We are told that there is freer trade with Canada and the rest of the world than there is between the provinces within Canada.  
4;Le Prsident:
4;In fact all reading material.  
5;PAIRS 
4;We must remember the importance of free trade to our economy. 
4;On page 32 we have a simplistic restatement of the 50-50 promise without any intellectual justification at all. 
2;Just to be clear, is the member for Red Deer calling quorum?  
4;Le problme tait que les buts n'taient pas ralistes. 
2;Le temps est venu pour le gouvernement de bien analyser son comportement, d'examiner la situation dans l'ensemble du Canada et de dterminer comment au juste les dcisions qu'il a prises ont pu toucher certaines rgions du Canada.  
4;and his Marie, or his Marion, or his Maria, or his Mariette. They must
3;COINAGE 
2;I certainly agree with most members here, including my friends across the way, that we must not let Canadian international air transport fall under the control of foreign companies.  
4;Madam?
4;Revenons  nos bourses. 
3;Monsieur le Prsident, le ministre des Finances doit avoir du mal  s'asseoir ces jours-ci, avec les 15 millions de dollars qu'il garde dans la poche arrire de son pantalon.  
3;Le dput est-il d'accord avec le gouvernement lorsque celui-ci fait ces dclarations?  
4;The situation is even worse in areas located outside financial centres. 
2;tant donn cette impasse, aprs avoir consult pendant plusieurs annes les reprsentants des employs et des pensionns, le gouvernement a dcid simplement d'aller de l'avant, car il ne pouvait se permettre d'attendre plus longtemps. 
0;martyr, and made a little _moue_ of discontent to Lord Henry, to whom he
2;days this was repeated; but on the fourth morning a confused wrangling,
2;My colleagues also raised in the House the case of a man who could not purchase the insulin he required because he had not received his government cheque.  
4;M. Randy White 
1;Elle n'a pas rpondu  la question pour la deuxime journe d'affile. 
4;aid in the work? In my husband's diary, Skinsky is mentioned as dealing
1;Monsieur le Prsident, j'ai l'honneur de dposer, dans les deux langues officielles, la rponse du gouvernement  12 ptitions.  
5;"Her name is Sibyl Vane."
5;jumped up with a manner of decision, and fetched her
3;Avant l'entre en vigueur de la Loi sur le tabac, le 25 avril 1997, les fabricants et les importateurs taient tenus de dclarer certains renseignements sur les ventes de tabac, les ingrdients et les missions. 
0;Je crois qu'elles peuvent russir. 
4;We could increase the 29% tax bracket threshold by $4,000 which would reverse the bracket creep. 
1;Il s'oppose  une chance artificielle. 
5;It is conceivable that, faced with a majority that was not clear, the government itself would conclude that it was better not to proceed. 
3;    These English woes shall make me smile in France.
4;As early as last March, the Bloc Quebecois drew the attention of this House to the urgent need to act before the situation in that region of the Balkans deteriorated. 
2;that I cannot see how all this bears upon my professional
2;remained constantly in a small waiting-room, ready to obey the summons
4;The mules drew well, and their hoofs went up and down upon the road.
4;AFFAIRES COURANTES 
2;Je ne vois aucune raison pour laquelle le gouvernement ne maintiendrait pas un semblant d'apparence qu'il coute. 
2;We will have to wait and see. 
5;This document goes on to say: 
5;the Doctor’s birthday, too. We had had a holiday, had made presents to
3;what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos	Chrono Trigger 's development team included three designers that Square dubbed the `` Dream Team '' : Hironobu Sakaguchi , the creator of Square 's Final Fantasy series ; Yuji Horii , a freelance designer and creator of Enix 's popular Dragon Quest series ; and Akira Toriyama , a freelance manga artist famed for his work with Dragon Quest and Dragon Ball .	0
1;Comme nous l'avons dit lors de la campagne lectorale en juin, comment pouvons-nous souscrire  l'accord si nous ne l'avons pas vu? 
3;Je dclare la motion no 24 rejete. 
5;Ils ne peuvent pas tenir parole, parce qu'ils l'avaient dj donne, en campagne lectorale, aux fonctionnaires du ministre du Revenu, dont ceux de mon comt, qu'ils n'avaient pas  s'inquiter pour leur emploi sous un gouvernement libral.  
2;when Éponine was following the ruffians to the boulevard.
3;The minister said as much in his speech.  
2;Mr. Speaker, I am fully aware that this is a very serious matter. 
1;GLOUCESTER.
3;motion of the Prodigal Son, and married a tinker’s wife within a mile
4;LOI SUR LA CITOYENNET AU CANADA 
3;Ce sera galement avantageux pour nos services d'immigration. 
2;Mr. Speaker, I rise on a point of order. 
2;It is quite possible. 
0;Toutes ces choses profiteraient aux gens qui en ont besoin. 
1;    Thou, Richard, shalt to the Duke of Norfolk
3;I have been in this job for a little over two years. 
5;Monsieur le Prsident,  Sherbrooke, les Qubcois et les Qubcoises ont vu qui dfendait les intrts du Qubec  Ottawa.  
0;They have been enrolled in the cause of interests that have no particular concern for citizen's welfare. 
4;Cela tombe sous le sens.  
4;Je demande donc le consentement unanime des dputs pour le prsenter aujourd'hui.  
4;Je suis convaincu que les femmes prfrent tre paules dans un retour sur le march du travail avec une politique familiale adapte, comme celle mise de l'avant au Qubec, par exemple, plutt que de perdre leur autonomie et tre subventionnes pour demeurer  la maison. 
0;Mr. Speaker, however, the minister had said he would consult service users.  
3;ABORIGINAL AFFAIRS 
0;In addition to the good work the bill will do, for me and for many members of the committee one of the most rewarding aspects of the whole process is that with persistence, perseverance and an honest concern on the part of citizens, witnesses and members of the House we can put forward legislation that serves the people and better protects our children, the most vulnerable members of society.  
2;Eighty-six per cent of my constituents rent their accommodation. 
5;ORAL QUESTION PERIOD 
5;I have trouble understanding how we got to this stage, virtually unanimously. 
3;Je dclare la motion no 389 rejete. 
4;La sance est ouverte  10 heures.  
0;It is an attempt to taint with suspicion a man of honour who happened to have a successful business career before entering public life.  
4;Introduction and first reading 
0;The solemn council best becomes the old:
0;reform and transform. Certain faculties in man are directed towards the
0;Mortgage rates are at a record level. 
5;Monsieur le Prsident, non seulement je ne savais pas tre si vil, mais encore je ne savais pas que j'exerais autant de pouvoir, particulirement sur mes propres collgues.  
4;Six years have passed since I resolved on my present undertaking. I can,
5;DORCAS.
3;Il faut y ajouter de nombreux frais accessoires obligatoires. 
3;By attacking the deficit it has not dealt with the issue of setting targets for unemployment. 
1;might take the liberty of saying so, sir, I don’t think the milk which
4;It is a remarkable quantum leap to go from the motion that was put very responsibly by the member for Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca, whom I saw on Canada AM this morning speaking about his policy on the headstart program dealing with young people. 
2;Can the minister explain where the incentive is in sucking 49% out of a so-called incentive bonus?  
0;CHAMBRE DES COMMUNES 
4;Si, par contre, le cerveau subit des dommages au cours de cette priode du dveloppement, toutes sortes de problmes psychologiques menacent l'enfant.  
4;  PRINCE. How might we see Falstaff bestow himself to-night in his
2;That is assuming that all provinces opt in. 
3;Monsieur le Prsident,  l'issue de l'enqute, sept recommandations m'ont t faites en vue d'amliorer la gestion de ce genre de lettres au sein de mon ministre.  
2;I said ``Shaughnessy, you could help me a great deal''.  
1;what country is madrid spain in	The population of the city is roughly 3.3 million and the entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area is calculated to be around 6.5 million .	0
4;Les ptitionnaires demandent au Parlement d'abroger immdiatement le rglement sur l'avis de conformit, d'adopter une loi visant  rduire la priode de protection des mdicaments brevets, qui est actuellement de 20 ans, et d'instituer un programme national d'assurance-mdicaments inspir des recommandations du Forum national sur la sant, cr par le premier ministre.  
4;is in the presence of an apparition. He was on the point of swooning;
0;Is the CIHR a step in the right direction on medical research? 
5;There are presently four votable bills listed on the Order Paper. 
3;And lead the Grecians to the dusty plain;
3;Nous avons propos des changements trs simples au Qubec pour arriver  une solution. 
0;Mr. Speaker, I have the honour to present the fourth report of the Standing Committee on Procedure and House Affairs regarding the associate membership of the Standing Committee on Human Resources Development and the Status of Persons with Disabilities. 
1;Je crois que six ou sept projets en difficult sur 700, cela constitue une trs trs bonne moyenne.  
0;The Progressive Conservative Government of Manitoba has so far been unwilling to offer fair compensation so Cross Lake has chosen to continue with the more time consuming process of pressing for the compensation it was promised under the northern flood agreement. 
4;The Speaker:
1;videmment, le ministre a, sauf tout le respect que je lui dois, esquiv la question et ne nous a pas donn une rponse claire et dcisive quant au montant exact dpens jusque-l, soit jusqu'au 1 er avril de cette anne. 
3;Monsieur le Prsident, nous sommes loin de prendre cette dcision, car les planificateurs militaires n'ont pas fait rapport au conseil de l'OTAN  Bruxelles.  
1;Monsieur le Prsident, ma question s'adresse  la secrtaire d'tat  l'Enfance et  la Jeunesse. 
0;Il y aura des rpercussions sur l'utilisation des terres de l'tat  des fins agricoles si le modle de slection des terres nisga'as est reproduit.  
4;Cependant, nous sommes toujours disposs  verser une indemnisation de 1,3 milliard de dollars. 
2;Je sais que le rcent rapport annuel de la Chambre faisait allusion  un partenariat entre cette Chambre et l'universit d'Ottawa en ce qui concerne la formation des tudiants. 
1;Peut-tre le dput de St. Albert pourrait-il prciser quelle langue lui pose le plus de difficult.  
0;Mr. Preston Manning 
4;“Father, do not leave us. Is it possible that we have found you only to
3;Tout ce beau monde,  coups de dizaines de milliers de dollars, vient ici et a ses entres privilgies avec les ministres et le premier ministre. 
1;Monsieur le Prsident, j'appuie le projet de loi C-49, Loi sur la gestion des terres des premires nations, mais je voterai contre la motion no 2, dans laquelle le dput de Saint-Jean propose d'instaurer un rgime provisoire de gestion des biens immobiliers matrimoniaux.  
1;    Out at mine eyes in tender womanish tears.-
2;strange imaginative impiousness which naturally invested it; that the
0;Vive l'imagination.  
3;Question No. 42- Mr. Gerald Keddy: 
3;I am going to indicate some of these. 
2;Prenons, par exemple, le revenu personnel. 
4;“Good; he accepts,” said Monte Cristo. “Now let us go.”
5;It is shameful.  
3;Agreed.  
0;Le taux de chmage dans l'le du Cap-Breton est environ le double de la moyenne nationale et d'autres emplois vont encore tre perdus  cause du gouvernement fdral. 
2;They have never paid taxes higher than they are today and they want immediate tax relief. 
4;Comply with it''. 
4;We told her that we could not pass the clause as it stood because we all felt, all of the members who were sitting on the committee that night on the Liberal side, very strongly against the clause.  
0;Regarding the reduction of greenhouse gases, which affect the climate, pollution and health, and involve considerable economic costs, the federal government still has no clear plan and no clear timetable to meet the objectives that it set for itself under the Kyoto agreement.  
2;Their pensions will remain indexed. 
5;Les dputs d'en face proposent effectivement l'adoption d'une monnaie pan-amricaine qui aurait pour effet, dans le contexte conomique actuel, de faire augmenter le chmage dans la province de Qubec et de faire monter les taux d'intrt locaux. 
2;I will be ashamed to be associated with this House if it fails.  
4;Had this new arrangement been in place between 1985 and 1996 there would have been 4.1 million more fish available to Canadian fishermen. 
2;What are we doing? 
0;      made, seemed in danger of sinking into total silence. It was
0;We also listened to representatives from SOCAN, the society of Canadian composers, who came up with a review of different ways we could exempt culture. 
0;LA SANT 
2;“Go along with you,” cried Flask, “it’s a lamp-feeder and an oil-can.
3;Why is it that Liberal spin doctors are allowed to comment on APEC outside the public complaints commission while the Prime Minister continues to hide? 
2;PATRICK'S DAY 
1;ROUTINE PROCEEDINGS 
5;Woods, Mrs. Westenra driving by the road and Lucy and I walking by the
1;Je dclare la motion no 362 rejete. 
2;Ce n'est pas normal.  
5;By the way, where was all the talk of partnership back then, this great notion of rediscovered partnership?  
3;After the police officer talks to the parents, he has to get their permission to arrest the young person. 
0;They would have called it a scandal if it had been the second one who would have had it for $9 million.  
2;I would argue that the right to spend one's own money on election advertising is a right which is just as valid for someone who is poor as it is for someone who is wealthy. 
4;En tant qu'organisation sans but lucratif incorpore en 1974-il y a 25 ans-la Native Women's Association of Canada runit plusieurs organisations de femmes autochtones et est une association qui est forme  la faon d'une hutte sacre de grand-mre. 
3;Through substantial funding increases and strategic investment the budget is about using the resources freed up by balancing the budget to strengthen and modernize medicare so that it can cope with emerging demands and adopt new technologies to meet the needs of Canadians.  
5;Le Prsident:
5;Rien  voir non plus avec la politique du Parti libral, qui cherche  renouer avec ses racines au Qubec.  
2;L'entente a probablement t signe le 6 septembre 1993, mais la lgislation la mettant en vigueur a probablement t propose au mois de fvrier 1994. 
5;Le groupe a reprsent le Canada  la 102e confrence interparlementaire, tenue  Berlin, en Allemagne, du 10 au 16 octobre 1999. 
4;LE COMMERCE 
5;Cela permettrait aussi de reconnatre l'importance d'assurer que ce programme continue  servir  l'audition de causes types permettant d'claircir le sens de la charte.  
2;Mixed with obdurate pride and steadfast hate. 
2;> I'm no VMS expert and I know a way to recover.  Use a gun to put a few
2;Il nous faut du temps. 
1;FRANCOPHONE COMMUNITIES 
5;Monsieur le Prsident, comme d'habitude, on veut travailler en troite collaboration avec d'autres niveaux de gouvernement, et on attend toujours la rponse du Qubec.  
2;frequently exasperated the pride of Danglars, but this evening he took
0;I must confess that it is with some pride that I rise today in this House as the new Liberal member for Bourassa. 
2;Les amendements proposs par le Snat sont un petit pas dans la bonne direction. 
0;A study at the time indicated not only that prosecutors were using it to go after violent sex offenders but that use of the procedure overall was on the increase. 
5;Ils ont tout  fait raison. 
4;The safety net support to agriculture for the last numbers of years has been shared 60:40. 
2;I did not say that we would not put on pressure. 
3;Monsieur le Prsident, j'invoque le Rglement. 
5;En outre, elle autorise le passager ou l'expditeur  conclure un contrat pour amliorer les conditions de cette responsabilit.  
5;Individuals will be able to receive up to $15,000 over a maximum of four academic years of undergraduate study.  
4;The federal government should look at what is going on in Alberta and what has been developed for the short term.  
4;to his Castle in Transylvania. I know it so well, as if a great hand of
5;SEXUAL EXPLOITATION OF CHILDREN 
3;Monsieur le Prsident, au nom du Nouveau Parti dmocratique, je tiens  dire combien nous sommes heureux que, grce  la dtermination et au srieux manifests par les principaux intervenants, les deux camps aient jug bon de mettre fin au lock-out. 
0;Je crois galement que, si nous nous entendons sur les objectifs, le gouvernement pourrait alors demander  la Chambre de lui accorder un mandat explicite pour poursuivre ces objectifs. 
5;Madame la Prsidente, je me contenterai de dire qu'il y a eu, dans les provinces de l'Atlantique, une confrence qui portait sur l'avenir et les perspectives du Canada atlantique. 
0;Qu'on ne s'y trompe pas.  
3;Moi, par contre, je suis favorable  la rforme du Snat. 
5;Yet at the very first opportunity that it might have used that seat to further the cause of peace, Canada opted out. 
3;Some hon. members:
3;If we are rushing the bill, I would like to know where the opposition was.  
2;In my opinion the yeas have it.  
2;Lorsque l'on regarde les dernires donnes sur le chmage, cela veut dire qu'au lieu d'avoir un taux de chmage de 8,8 p. 100 comme c'est le cas  l'heure actuelle, il serait de 7,8 p. 100. C'est encore beaucoup. 
3;Dire que ces entreprises connaissent une croissance fulgurante serait peu dire.  
5;M. Bill Matthews 
5;Mr. Preston Manning 
1;Je profite de l'occasion pour implorer le gouvernement fdral de faire preuve d'autorit et de demander que l'on cesse d'imposer ces sanctions inhumaines au peuple irakien.  
1;We should all recognize the importance of the St. John Ambulance in providing first aid training to Canadians therefore enhancing their ability to save other lives and to improve the quality of those lives.  
0;women in skimpy bathing suits would prance onscreen while hope made growling noises and leered at their breasts . 
1;Cela signifie que le premier ministre de la Nouvelle-cosse n'a aucune influence auprs de ses amis actuels au sein du gouvernement libral.  
0;Property rights are natural, fundamental, and based on hundreds of years of common law.  
3;Le secrtaire d'tat a dclar: Je tiens  ce qu'il soit bien clair que je ne pourrais tre plus fier d'tre secrtaire d'tat responsable des institutions financires au Canada. 
0;J'ai appris rcemment que 37 000 garons et filles de l'Alberta, des lves de sixime anne, ont suivi le cours donn dans le cadre de ce programme l'anne dernire. 
0;Le vice-prsident:
2;Ensemble, ces deux accords ont contribu  transformer les dplacements des personnes qui voyagent par avion entre le Canada et les tats-Unis. 
1;Le Prsident:
0;Le vice-prsident:
0;TOBACCO LEGISLATION 
3;Ils font le mme travail, mais ils ont trois chelles salariales diffrentes.  
4;Monsieur le Prsident, le fonds de l'AE est entirement financ par les travailleurs et leurs employeurs. 
2;Pursuant to Standing Order 45, a recorded division stands deferred until Monday, May 10, at the ordinary hour of daily adjournment.  
2;1999 CANADA WINTER GAMES 
2;-Monsieur le Prsident, je prsente ce projet de loi au nom de la grande majorit de mes lecteurs, qui croient sincrement qu'un tel changement serait appropri. 
1;Le ministre canadien des Affaires trangres, trop timide, pourrait hsiter  faire une recommandation semblable, mais nous savons que des juristes, non seulement aux Affaires trangres mais dans d'autres organisations et ministres fdraux, reconnaissent que le Canada pourrait tendre sa zone de comptence de 200 milles  350 milles afin d'y inclure les Grands Bancs et le Bonnet Flamand. 
4;L'hon. Pierre S. Pettigrew 
5;Voil qui envoie un message bien clair aux entreprises: donnez aux libraux, sinon vous n'obtiendrez pas de marchs de l'tat.  
5;Motion No. 34 
5;It is not something where we want someone with a sparkle in their eye and a good glib line to come out and just say maybe we can swing the country over this way and do something outrageous. 
4;Que le projet de loi C-32,  l'article 91, soit modifi par substitution, aux lignes 6 et 7, page 64, de ce qui suit: 
4;C'est le gouvernement qui a demand au comit d'entendre des tmoins, d'essayer de comprendre pourquoi le Canada a pris tant de recul face aux autres pays en ce qui a trait aux dons d'organes.  
0;Que le projet de loi C-54 soit modifi par suppression de l'article 53.  
3;Now the Minister of Natural Resources comes in, announces the Devco closure and takes off. 
4;Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding that the allegations about the comments the commissioner made came from the government's lawyer.  
0;Le fait d'tre en mesure de voir  l'oeuvre des athltes canadiens est une inspiration fantastique pour nous tous et pour notre jeunesse canadienne.  
0;Outre le fait qu'il comporte un accord sur les terres et les questions financires, il donne des pouvoirs d'autonomie gouvernementale aux Nisga'as sur des questions qui relvent de leur culture, qui sont propres  leur collectivit et qui sont essentielles pour les oprations de leur gouvernement. 
4;When they were in government did they not realize this was coming to fruition? 
0;Ce projet de loi laisse  dsirer. 
4;Le pouvoir de la libert d'expression, nous avons eu l'occasion de le constater  la Chambre il y a quelques semaines  peine, quand nous avons eu l'honneur d'entendre le puissant discours de Nelson Mandela. 
5;rates of around 113, meaning the typists had to type slowly for 
4;Le problme, c'est que les gens n'ont pas le revenu disponible qu'il faut.  
2;Cela me ramne  tout le problme du financement suffisant pour nos forces policires. 
4;So having said, he thus to Eve in few. 
3;Mr. Speaker, I would point out to the member that, on November 10, the Secretary of State responsible for the Economic Development Agency of Canada for the Regions of Quebec visited the Gasp and met with concerned citizens.  
3;Mr. Jim Pankiw 
0;Mr. Dan McTeague:
3;Mme Nancy Karetak-Lindell 
4;Un entrepreneur de New York n'envisagerait jamais d'aider quelqu'un dans une petite ville du Canada.  
5;Pourquoi la ministre prend-elle la peine d'tablir des rglements sur l'environnement si elle n'entend pas disposer des personnes pour les appliquer?  
4;M. Michel Bellehumeur:
0;defiantly. 'I am not ashamed to speak the truth.'
3;keeping his prisoners calm as they await the carrying out of their sentence is his primary responsibility . 
4;Des voix:
2;Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out that yesterday the finance minister said ``all Tory taxes are odious''. 
0;Le vice-prsident:
0;Les Nisga'a ont attendu trop longtemps pour obtenir justice. 
4;We absolutely believe in reducing the debt which is a burden for future children of the country. 
1;Les maladies chroniques et les incapacits physiques, associes  la diminution de l'apptit, affectent srieusement l'quilibre nutritionnel des ans. 
1;Motion No. 6 
1;The Reform web site is not even bilingual. 
2;Unlike the Reform Party which apparently believes in throwing 10 year olds into the formal criminal justice system, I do not propose to lower the minimum age. 
5;En ne rpondant pas  une sollicitation, le consommateur est rput avoir donn son consentement. 
0;And as I'm sure you are aware, the Nisga'a final agreement does expressly purport to confer upon Nisga'a government legislative power in 14 separate areas of lawmaking that is paramount to federal and provincial legislative power.  
4;already marked, I will pioneer a new way, explore unknown powers, and
4;Le Prsident:
4;N'est-ce pas merveilleux? 
1;Not of the prime, yet such as in his face 
1;Property assessments are infrequent and done in different years.  
0;Pour eux, le mois prcdent Nol est le plus important de l'anne. 
4;  the folly of my soul dares not present itself; she is too bright to
1;They are being grown because farmers want to get rid of all the regulations and restrictions that have plagued them for at least three generations. 
3;The Prime Minister seeks to avoid answering the particulars of this question by appealing to his lapdog ethics commissioner or by engaging in- 
3;Madam Speaker, I had the pleasure of being part of the industry committee that reviewed Bill C-20 at some length and had some input into our party's actually deciding to support this bill and go behind the bill. 
5;Mr. Rick Casson 
4;There are some new provisions in the bill to extend privacy protections to people who give testimony to the safety board. 
2;Mr. Speaker, it is difficult for words to describe the shock and horror Canadians felt upon hearing that six armed forces personnel died when the Labrador helicopter they were flying in crashed Friday in Quebec's Gasp region.  
4;“That,” answered Gavroche gravely, “is for the rats. Go to sleep!”
5;Si nous voulons nous sortir de cette situation difficile, nous devons tous tre prts  participer galement afin d'assurer que toute la collectivit en tire profit. 
4;It is certainly an ongoing task but respect for differences is a hallmark of the country. 
3;“I was never in them; but I have often resolved to visit them.”
2;Your son in Scotland being thus employ’d,
3;Hon. Pierre S. Pettigrew 
0;  KING. By heaven, thy love is black as ebony.
4;I must say that the federal legislation is clear: no means no.  
3;Sans relire la motion au complet, pour tre clair, je dirai qu'elle propose de reporter le vote de vendredi  lundi. 
5;give a new frequency spectrum every 16\ msec.  From the acoustic point
3;But did I never speak of all that time?
4;It is, at first sight, surprising that as many as 11 bits are needed for
0;It is not surprising that dictionary definitions of autonomy concentrate on
0;Till I have caught her once more in mine arms.
0;In a poor isle; and all of us ourselves,
0;LE CHEF DE L'OPPOSITION 
4;Good-bye, good-bye! Don’t keep that cheese too long down in the hold,
5;I would suggest we need to work before that for some very pragmatic reasons. 
3;Parmi tous ces arguments, aucun n'est plus indniable que le fait que la norme de base de toute socit juste et quitable devrait tre de garantir un traitement gal en vertu de la loi.  
2;Et je dois avouer que cette perception est juste, surtout aujourd'hui, car nous sommes en prsence d'un grand homme d'tat, d'un leader tout  fait remarquable dont la tnacit devant la tyrannie et la dignit devant la perscution ont contribu  rendre possible la transformation dmocratique de son peuple, de son pays et de son continent, il y a dix ans; une transformation qui relve, peu importe le point de vue qu'on adopte, du prodige.  
5;willard's experiences with kurtz take up the last half-hour , with a confrontation and eventual ending . 
4;That does not take away from the fact that a number of producers are hurting out there. 
0;M. Paul Forseth 
5;On s'entend gnralement sur l'utilisation de frappes ariennes. 
5;    Spoke by a holy monk 'that oft' says he
1;Quand le ministre fera-t-il ce qui s'impose, soit ramener  2 $ les cotisations d'assurance-emploi pour que les travailleurs profitent de cet argent et que les employeurs s'en servent pour crer plus d'emplois?  
2;      particularly recollect your saying one night, after they had been
3;We have negotiated with them. 
2;AGRICULTURE 
2;Time and time again this House was assured that the goal of the government was the sustainable development of the fisheries, a goal which balances economic and environmental interests, the same type of thing only in a different context as what we are talking about tonight. 
1;Now while the world is bent my deeds to cross,
3;The report was prepared by the consulting firm, KPMG.  
0;If the best legislation in the world cannot be enforced, it will be useless. 
3;the groundhog day ceremony involves a groundhog being lifted out of a box , and if he dosen't see a shadow , it will be an early spring . 
0;It is absolutely astounding.  
4;I contrast that with other situations in which I have worked where the union was involved and where I got the short shrift as part time help. 
2;Mr. Peter Adams 
4;We have heard a lot about the health budget. 
3;Mr. Speaker, last week the Minister of Human Resources Development defended in the House a $350,000 training program to help his employees deal with ``life threatening, explosive, dangerous situations after the end of the TAGS review''.  
4;Les libraux disent qu'ils s'attendent  rduire la dette de 20 milliards de dollars cette anne. 
1;Does the hon. member think it is normal to have an agreement on social union in Canada that can be implemented without first consulting Quebec and without its consent? 
0;Mr. Andr Bachand 
3;Je suis convaincu que le dput n'en attend pas moins de notre part. 
4;The government often claims to be an advocate and supporter of small business. 
5;Miss Kitt.’
5;    If heaven have any grievous plague in store
3;  with that of a good record.
1;where it went to?”
4;I respect all the media that are in these meetings, but there seems to be a fear on the other side that television will actually display incompetence, bias or a lack of knowledge on issues. 
2;J'ignore o sont passes les traditions du dbat et des dlibrations dmocratiques chres  la Chambre, mais je sais o veut en venir le gouvernement avec le projet de loi C-19. Il s'attaque...  
4;On peut dire que plus de 98 p. 100 des Canadiens bnficient actuellement d'un accs de qualit  l'un des meilleurs systmes de tlcommunications au monde, et ce  des prix qui sont vraiment abordables en comparaison avec tous les autres pays du monde.  
3;Les articles 4, 9 et 14 entrent en vigueur le 6 janvier 2006 et les autres dispositions de la prsente loi 
3;However, there are problems that need to be fixed. 
5;We do not know a lot of things and so many questions have been unanswered.  
0;D'accord.  
3;    Let us into the city presently
3;La raison pour laquelle nous sommes ici aujourd'hui et pour laquelle nous avons ces crdits, c'est pour transfrer cet argent d'un poste  un autre.  
5;“Yes, in life or death.”
4;J'ai aussi le plaisir de faire remarquer que la loi propose rpond  une recommandation de la Commission royale sur les peuples autochtones, qui prconisait la cration d'un rgime de cogestion dans la valle du Mackenzie. 
0;Le ministre a insist en disant que les directives actuelles du Conseil du Trsor concernant l'emploi de fonctionnaires sont beaucoup trop rigides et bureaucratiques, et ne crent pas un climat favorisant l'efficacit au ministre du Revenu. 
3;Le fait de presque doubler les cotisations au RPC fera galement disparatre des milliers d'emplois, rduisant du mme coup le nombre de Canadiens cotisant au rgime. 
3;Cette anne, nous avons eu un deuxime budget quilibr. 
0;As I mentioned, there are incremental improvements in public sector administration which could be achieved through other statutes.  
1;Le juge Robert Flahiff 
0;thunder and lightning; Silenus makes his entry there on his ass. For
0;both of these elements are completely lost along the way however , and never do reappear . 
0;Je flicite Opera Ontario de Hamilton. 
5;I wish to congratulate the Kitchener-Waterloo Sidewinders for hosting this event. 
2;Ah, ha! Come, some music. Come, the recorders.
1;“Ah, sir,” replied Caderousse, “we cannot console those who will not be
4;Why is the minister covering up his own failures by having his fisheries chair fired?  
4;The hon. member for Oakville.  
2;they all have this same formula , they all have the same action , same villain , same plot , but this one has that message , which makes it more excrucitating to watch . 
0;“Château-Renaud can tell us while we eat our breakfast.”
1; ? what bothers me even more is that the people who make these big-budget pictures don't realize that their films are becoming parodies of themselves . ? 
3;My concern with what the government has put forward is that if the guidelines are not implemented properly, the committee that is selected may just be another patronage haven for the Prime Minister. 
3;a line.
4;There is no thinking it through. 
2;In the meantime Thénardier did not “let go of the child,” and gave a
2;There might be some kind of ceiling on it. 
5;M. Paul Szabo 
1; cet gard, il faut dire que 98 p. 100 des changes commerciaux du Canada se font avec les tats-Unis et les Amriques, l'Europe et les pays du Pacifique. 
2;Some hon. members:
2;Member Assistance Program, MAP, Co-ordinator Assignment: 
4;Mr. Speaker, I too would like to comment on the matter of confidentiality. 
3;Bands have the ability to make the rules for road construction when the rural municipalities are bound more by the province and more by their own needs of their ratepayers, the farmers who farm the land, and must get to a delivery point or a market on the other side of a reserve. 
5;Mon recours au Rglement ne porte pas sur le sujet dont on vient de parler, mais sur la question souleve par le dput de Burin-St. 
4;Une question a t pose, et je pense que la courtoisie exige que nous coutions au moins la rponse. 
3;This does not give us the best return and the best security.  
3;Il vise  favoriser l'galit des chances pour l'acquisition des connaissances et des comptences essentielles pour aujourd'hui et pour demain.  
4;m'a indiqu clairement qu'elle n'a aucune intention d'utiliser cette disposition.  
1;Monsieur le Prsident, l'avis de motion no 55 portant production de documents, inscrit au nom du dput de Cariboo-Chilcotin, et le no 56, inscrit au nom du dput de Charlesbourg, sont jugs recevables par le gouvernement, sauf que ces documents ne peuvent tre communiqus aux termes de la Loi sur l'accs  l'information. 
0;much carnage ensues . 
5;It is encouraging.  
1;Je ne crois pas que j'exagre quand je dis que la plupart des familles de ma circonscription ont un tre cher au Canada central ou dans l'Ouest. 
5;Why the government does not do this is beyond me. 
3;J'ai essay d'effectuer des recherches  ce sujet et  ma connaissance, nous n'avons pas de vidocassette sur la scurit ferroviaire destines  nos coles. 
1;      personage than to herself. They had long wished to see him. The
0;was thinking about so closely. His hair and whiskers were blacker and
1;Il est clair pour moi, et je l'ai dit maintes et maintes fois, que la rgle des 50 p. 100 plus un est inacceptable pour moi lorsqu'il est question de dmanteler le pays.  
1;Que le projet de loi C-78,  l'article 171, soit modifi par substitution, aux lignes 26  28, page 144, de ce qui suit: 
0;    great quantity. 'Tis said he gave unto his steward a mighty sum.
5;Le Canada va-t-il utiliser son sige au Conseil de scurit pour parrainer une rsolution visant  faire adopter le plan de paix allemand pour le Kosovo par cette instance de l'ONU?  
5;look into Warren's for a few minutes first, shall us,
4;Mr. Speaker, today in parliament members of the House are invited to a reception in 200 West Block to commemorate the 80th international anniversary of Hom-enet-man, the largest benevolent sports and scouts organization in the Armenian Diaspora.  
3;Le deuxime point que je veux faire valoir, c'est que le gouvernement du Canada participe activement aux ngociations sur les revendications territoriales des autochtones, d'un bout  l'autre du pays, et qu'il fait tout ce qu'il peut pour rgler ces revendications aussi vite que possible. 
0;They cannot go out and shovel. 
4;En raison des compressions dans les budgets du systme de sant que le gouvernement fdral a impos aux provinces, de plus en plus de personnes ges reoivent des soins  domicile insuffisants. 
2;Ils se permettent de le prtendre parce que leurs dbats ne sont pas tldiffuss.  
5;it. Drink, ye harpooneers! drink and swear, ye men that man the
5;it is not so easy to measure bandwidths accurately.  One rather unusual method
5;The treaty provides for a total of $253 million in a one time payment over 15 years from the federal government to the Nisga'a people. 
5;Les ptitionnaires esprent que ce projet finira par mener au remplacement de la dialyse et du transplant actuellement utiliss pour soigner les maladies du rein.  
0;pretence of a journey, and concealed himself, with his daughter, in an
2;Je lui rpte que j'ai rencontr ces anciens combattants  deux reprises. 
0;      At that moment they were met from another walk by Mrs. Hurst and
2;They declared themselves the Friends of the A B C,—the _Abaissé_,—the
1;Je pense qu'avec mes quatre annes d'exprience, aujourd'hui, j'oserais prtendre que j'en connais un peu plus long, mme si je sais qu'avec des tudes mme approfondies sur la question autochtone, on peut y passer plusieurs annes avant de connatre  fond le dossier. 
0;      head fell upon her chest I saw the clear red weal of a whiplash
4;The fact is that the EI premiums are part of what makes the balanced approach work.  
1;I wish we could develop that kind of thinking in all the people who work on behalf of the taxpayers, not only elected officials but all the civil servants.  
0;He was a community leader in the area in which I grew up. 
4;    prick'd you. Wilt thou make as many holes in an enemy's battle as
1;I would like to begin my remarks today by advising the House of my meetings in Brussels and London over the last three days.  
3;When is the minister going to re-establish eligibility criteria that will enable young people to once again receive benefits?  
1;Je lui conseillerais d'couter le Parti rformiste. 
4;The individuals in the military are capable of doing that and they are very competent but they are not equipped and tasked to do the job.  
2;Les affaires trangres 
2;Les rformistes sont trop  droite pour les bleus, 
4;As for the motions in Group No. 1, I wanted to say that the Bloc cannot support the Reform Party amendments that require consultations be signed, written, notarized and the whole shebang. 
5;Il a ainsi accus le Parti rformiste de bien des maux. 
4;Cet ouvrage a soulev la controverse. 
2;S. MATTE HARDWARE STORE IN SAINT-TITE 
1;The Speaker:
5;Canadians have the right to expect that their governments will work together.  
4;Mr. Speaker, we are doing a lot of things in that we are assisting the agriculture and agri-food industry to find markets for their products not only in Canada but on the international scene as well. 
2;D'une semaine  l'autre, il dit qu'il s'agira de cinq milliards de dollars, ensuite, ce sera trois milliards de dollars, et parfois, c'est sept milliards de dollars, mais je pense qu'il a laiss entendre que ce serait un peu plus de quatre milliards de dollars. 
2;What will this agency do with this huge amount of personal information concentrated in its hands? 
5;GOVERNMENT OF CANADA 
5;Nous devons laborer une formule permettant d'intgrer la pche qui se pratiquera en vertu du droit issu du trait  l'ensemble de la pche. 
5;So, yes, with respect to rail transportation, the government will have to invest in that area instead of dismantling the existing system. 
3;Mr. Randy White 
1;It is not its objective to make constructive amendments, but rather to tear them down and raise contradictions between the bill before the House and the Nisga'a final agreement.  
4;Des voix:
2;Monsieur le Prsident, je voudrais remercier mon collgue pour ses commentaires. 
3;Encore une fois, il est impatient d'exposer sa version des vnements, comme l'a dit le ministre des Affaires trangres.  
0;I ask the member not to give me this nonsense and this parochial separatist mentality that again simply says the federal government whom they hate should give them more. 
4;We will not use cellphones in the House. 
0;That can be done by simple parliamentary custom. 
3;ANTONY.
0;Le vice-prsident:
5;Mr. Speaker, my question is for the Prime Minister.  
1;I remember the old days when it was 50:50. 
0;Je voudrais savoir si la secrtaire parlementaire nie ce que nous avons appris,  savoir que M. Coffey allguait que Marvin Goodman, cadre suprieur des douanes, avait autoris sa soeur  utiliser, sans verser de loyer, un bureau du gouvernement situ au 1, rue Front  Toronto, pour exploiter un magasin de vtements pour dames.  
