;I have been to the member's province many times and know of the deep economic pain that exists in the member's community. 
;should I do it? in order to be happy. In order to be happy. Have I the
;Second, on the issue of the funds spent in Jamaica, what he is referring to is a monetary program of some $18 million. 
;Promotions such as tent cards in bars, which are legally off limits to young people, would be acceptable, but the same tent cards in regular restaurants would not be.  
;Motion No. 28 
;PRIVATE MEMBERS' BUSINESS 
;In this case it is the Government of France's program that is being challenged by Canada. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, le dput a raison de dire que la Chambre des lords a confirm, ce matin, sa dcision originale selon laquelle le gnral Pinochet ne peut invoquer la doctrine sur l'immunit des tats pour mettre obstacle  son extradition de Grande-Bretagne. 
;Even the Filipino Association of Manitoba, the largest ethnic group in my riding, made a very spirited representation to that committee. 
;There is no point, however, in doing what the minister has decided to do, namely throwing the baby out with the bath water. 
;The next question is on Motion No. 40. 
;Le fait que quelqu'un habite  Halifax ne justifie pas qu'il soit moins bien pay que s'il vivait  Vancouver. 
;Rather, we should offer our steadfast support, our political support, our moral support, our vocal support to those brave Canadian personnel who are involved''. 
;This means that- 
;Mr. Speaker, the Prime Minister should be put in the penalty box for joking about his salary when Canadians have had a 6% drop in disposable income and a 15% increase in income tax over the past several years. 
;We cannot make plans, have good intentions and put up a neon sign saying we are open for business when we have nothing to sell. 
;Definitely a worthwhile experience, the Elmira Maple Syrup Festival provides a variety of activities for people of all ages. 
;I would leave that to the genius of the members of Parliament, both in putting and answering their questions, so that they would be proper.  
;exhibited with complacency and which she bequeathed to the house at her
;the gathering , organised by gramercy park riffs , most powerful gang in the city , is taking place in bronx . 
;Mr. Speaker, I am talking to the minister who is responsible for the fund. 
;COMMUNITY CARE WORKER WEEK 
;Dantès followed him; his features were no longer contracted, and now
;I would also like to remind him that political rights are provided equally to men and women under the Nisga'a final agreement and the Nisga'a constitution.  
;He does not like that situation. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, la deuxime ptition vient de gens qui habitent, pour la plupart, la rgion de Kamloops. 
;We can do it. 
;Mr. Speaker, the industry minister found himself in hot water recently by admitting that Canada's standard of living is lower than Mississippi's. 
;where I was in case some other of the mighty dead should come to me.
;13. 
;Elle a rappel que nous devons utiliser toutes les ressources disponibles pour rendre nos communauts plus sres pour les femmes. 
;The Sechelt band operates very effectively with a municipal style native government. 
;Les libraux sont pires, en fait. 
;It is ridiculous and no one believes it.  
;willard is ordered not to let them know exactly what his mission is , but they all know it is something big . 
;isn't that a memorable name ? 
;Ottawa is hosting more than 120 countries today ready to sign a treaty banning the use, production, transfer and stockpiling of anti-personnel mines, as well as to destroy existing stockpiles and to demine within 10 years.  
;Dropping upon thy head.
;Le Festival international du blues attire chaque anne des musiciens de niveau mondial et des amateurs de musique durant cette fin de semaine o la joie et la fte rgnent dans les rues.  
;His trust was with th' Eternal to be deemed 
;Je peux vous assurer que M. Legault et moi-mme sommes exactement sur la mme longueur d'onde. 
;Some hon. members:
;Quebeckers feel, rightly so, that drinking water is a collective wealth, just like wheat in the prairies or oil in Alberta. 
;Le ministre des Pches et Ocans a fait en sorte que, pour la premire fois, quelqu'un s'occupe du dossier du poisson. 
;thieves! I say all! I say all! I know not one! I say all! Do you hear
;Au contraire, disons-nous que nous pourrons par la suite apporter les correctifs pour que cessent ces autres injustices.  
;Je le rpte, comme nous l'avons dit dans le discours du Trne, nous envisageons expressment d'tendre les prestations parentales pour rendre le rgime plus accessible et plus souple. 
;Les occasions ne manquent pas de faire connatre notre point de vue, que ce soit  titre individuel, comme membres des diverses associations dont nous faisons partie ou dans les assembles internationales auxquelles nous participons  titre de membres d'une dlgation canadienne.  
;Does the amendment risk leaving Quebec's English minority with less protection than it has now? 
;starting to develop and not yet fully understood.  LYNCH contended that
;LES CRDITS 
;TRADE 
;These people include fishers and workers in factories, tourism and construction.  
;When we talk about looking after children and taking time off to do that, they have called for the dismantling of the CPP, the most important thing for allowing parents to drop out and look after their kids- 
;Pour viter de nous laisser craser par cette pression, j'invite les dputs  se reporter  la page 140 du hansard, c'est--dire aux observations de mon collgue de Hillsborough, qui parlait alors d'investir de plus de pouvoirs les membres de notre assemble. 
;DEMANDE DE DBAT D'URGENCE 
;Pendant combien de temps la ministre est-elle prte  attendre avant que la pornographie juvnile redevienne un crime en Colombie-Britannique? 
;Mme Val Meredith 
;“Oh! come! come!”
;The Speaker 
;La seule motivation que ce gouvernement a, c'est l'amlioration gnrale de l'tat des surplus, comme le ministre des Finances a fait en piquant de faon honte des surplus qui appartenaient  la caisse d'assurance-emploi.  
;Cela tant dit, il est vrai que, tout aussi uniques et distinctes qu'elles soient, les coopratives doivent nanmoins concurrencer les socits par actions dans une conomie de march. 
;C'est pour cette raison que nous examinons actuellement la question de l'admissibilit des femmes au rgime d'assurance-emploi.  
;Vote n o 654 
;We checked with officials yesterday and were told that no amount had been set aside in this envelope for professional sports.  
;Hon. Sheila Copps 
;I find myself as do other opposition members in the unfortunate situation that we, along with members of the policing community and other Canadians, are anxious to see the legislation come to fruition. 
;at the bottom.
;Right Hon. Jean Chrtien 
;L'administration de la justice pour la jeunesse est un programme dont les frais sont partags entre le gouvernement fdral et les provinces. 
;Dputs 
;Puis, comme par magie, le gouvernement nous dit qu'il a 2,5 milliards de dollars  consacrer  un fonds du millnaire.  
;Mr. Speaker, my question is for the Deputy Prime Minister.  
;The other technical amendment will delete the offence of driving while disqualified from the list of indictable offences found in section 553 of the code that come within the absolute jurisdiction of a provincial court judge. 
;Je ne voudrais pas qu'on en arrive l. 
;dashed at the whale, as an Arkansas duellist at his foe, blindly
;    For God doth know, and you may partly see,
;Ce n'est qu'un prolongement logique de la mesure prcdente. 
;certain that the seed sown will not be cast on barren ground.”
;But privacy is still important. 
;After leaving the asses there was a fresh delight; they crossed the
;Division No. 322 
;Entre temps, les localits auront souffert d'un maintien de l'ordre insuffisant et elles auront perdu des policiers comptents qui quitteront leurs emplois pour se prvaloir d'autres perspectives de carrire, parce qu'ils sont dus et fatigus qu'on les empche de faire leur travail. 
;As Bloc Quebecois MPs, my colleagues and I will defend Quebec to the very end.  
;ADOPTIVE PARENTS 
;    And, for my heart disdained that my tongue
;They think that 45 groups will do, but there is also a need for the public to be made aware of the impact of this bill.  
;  WARWICK. See how the pangs of death do make him grin
;Vote n o 464 
;following summer or autumn with his men, and that he would bring back
;The fonds de solidarit and the caisse populaire put in money on a commercial basis. 
;She exudes grace.  
;Bill S-4 will amend part 16 of the Canada Shipping Act to implement provisions of the 1992 protocol to the 1969 civil liability convention and the 1971 convention on the establishment of an international fund for compensation for oil pollution damage.  
;Only third party child care expenses can be deducted and the last budget increased this by 35% while ignoring homemakers.  
;Notwithstanding the tenor of question period which concerned ground troops, it is my understanding that the hon. Leader of the Opposition supports Canada's role in the air war, that he supports the air war conducted by NATO and its possible expansion. 
;Think for a moment. 
;Pendant ce temps, on a tripl notre prsence militaire, et peut-tre plus. 
;anatomy: but this was not sufficient; I must also observe the natural
;there is also a solid performance from jamie foxx , who experiments with great success in his first trek into dramatic territory . 
;Contrairement aux libraux, nous avons une ide claire des gens pour qui nous travaillons. 
;It is not the first time that parliament has been confronted with the problem of implementing treaties in Canada. 
;Hon. Allan Rock 
;MACBETH.
;Monsieur le Prsident, des sans-abri canadiens sont morts gels l'hiver dernier. 
;Their job is to provide a detailed and accurate survey of the boundaries of the property for legal registration and for transfer of ownership. 
;LE LOGEMENT 
;Is this the new life of the Bloc?  
;M. Maurice Dumas 
;Elle a cherch de l'aide auprs de chercheurs amricains.  
;In my opinion the yeas have it.  
;Mr. Speaker, NATO is planning on beefing its force in the former Yugoslavia to 50,000 troops. 
;However, the motion has been ably spoken to by the NDP member and I will leave it at that.  
;Motion no 19 
;without that question to ponder , the director's job is more difficult . 
;We put these signs and flags not just in western Canada but right across the country. 
;Le gouvernement du Qubec, et c'est un point de vue que nous partageons, pense qu'il y a un consensus suffisamment fort et que c'est un amendement qui ne concerne que le Qubec et le gouvernement fdral. 
;Mr. Steve Mahoney:
;Je vais rester trs calme, monsieur le Prsident. 
;they make arrangements with a few mountain men , who accept $40 . 00 for the task . 
;I would like to make a comment and then ask the member for Kamloops, Thompson and Highland Valleys to respond.  
;Many of our veterans are particularly touched by this issue as well. 
;-Monsieur le Prsident, appuy par ma collge de Laurentides, je dpose ce projet de loi qui a pour but d'interdire l'embauche de personnes afin de remplacer les employs en grve ou en lock-out d'un employeur vis par le Code canadien du travail et les employs en grve de la fonction publique fdrale.  
;Am I your bird? I mean to shift my bush,
;Hon. Stphane Dion 
;Encore une fois, pourquoi le gouvernement amorcera-t-il le nouveau millnaire non pas avec de vritables allgements fiscaux, mais bien avec une hausse d'impts?  
;Mr. Tony Valeri 
;That would be a good step in the right direction toward tax fairness. 
;    The rest that love me, rise and follow me.
;Average families have to pay $6,000 in taxes just to pay their share of interest on the debt. 
;Nous connaissons dj la situation des localits  dpanneur comme nous les appelons, celles o les lignes ont t abandonnes. 
; " the rage " retains some of the trappings of " carrie " without the meaning . 
;the bad guy . . . . . ahh . . . william 
;I think the Minister of Human Resources Development's announcing a $1.4 billion cut in EI premiums, from $2.90 down to $2.70 per $100, is an indication that when it is sustainable and when it can be delivered and can be counted on by business there will be reductions in the EI rate as long as it is clear that those reductions in the EI premium can be sustained.  
;Under the proposed amendments, workers must have made contributions in four of the previous six years. 
;When you look at the balance and the responsibility of the government governing for all Canadians, we believe that it is a good first step for low income Canadians who at least put some money back in their pocket which gives them a chance to get ahead.  
;I do not, however, think I can go along with the member's conclusion that this is entirely the result of the eligibility criteria. 
;J'ai ici un formulaire de demande de dduction pour frais de garde d'enfants pour 1998, le formulaire T778. 
;Ce mandat tait le double de celui des lus municipaux. 
;Cette mesure permettra de veiller  ce que les produits lis  l'eau potable soient certifis selon des normes de salubrit de base ayant force de loi. 
;His wife chooses to stay home and look after the children because they think they can do a better job of raising their children than the state. 
;ACADEMY OF MOTION PICTURE ARTS AND SCIENCES 
;M. Paul Crte:
;“You only intend, then, to dispose of that part of your fortune which
;Dans le cas du projet de loi C-4, le gouvernement et le ministre responsable ont eu l'occasion d'agir et de donner aux agriculteurs une certaine libert. 
;There is a debate under way, and there will be a budget.  
;other trees.'
;You are disgusting, absolutely disgusting.  
;Monsieur le Prsident, j'ai fait ce que le ministre des Ressources humaines aurait d faire lui-mme. 
;The classic example is that of mafia activity in these areas because they are so lucrative.  
;Il fait une sortie trs digne.  
;M. David Price 
;Voil qui est tout  fait inacceptable.  
;‘Light-headed, aunt!’ I could only repeat this daring speculation
;In the early hours of June 4, 1989 the tanks and soldiers were sent into the square by Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping to end a pro-democracy student protest. 
;Il ne s'agit pas d'une protection de promotion. 
;The rulings in these cases should have triggered some kind of warning bell within the government. 
;These different codes indicate where the bill has been introduced. 
;Le Comit souhaite prciser que certaines restrictions des activits politiques des membres de la GRC sont incontestablement ncessaires pour que le public demeure convaincu que la GRC applique la loi de faon quitable et impartiale. 
;C'est possible de faire les deux  la fois. 
;That he shuts up himself, imagine me,
;When they had sworn to this advised doom,
;and as for comparisons to seven . . . oh 
;Mais le Prsident Macnaughton prside ces dbats houleux avec beaucoup de talent et de tact, russissant  maintenir la stabilit qui sied  la Chambre.  
;In other words, the Canadian forces determined that to send a civilian helicopter into the area would have placed the helicopter and its crew at undue risk.  
;nay, to-night, when the white whale lies down there, tied by head and
;Les chauffeurs avaient dj fait 375 milles de route, et il en restait encore 200 avant qu'ils arrivent aux rgions sinistres. 
;      With anger, with sickness, or with hunger, my lord; not with
;follows.
;The only commitment made by Canada during the talks in Rambouillet is that we are prepared to send 600 Canadian troops to take part in the peacekeeping mission, if an agreement is reached to allow Kosovars to return to their homes in Kosovo.  
;Pas plus tard que samedi soir dernier, j'ai particip  une rencontre  laquelle assistaient environ 150 personnes ges de mon comt. 
;    The precious jewel of thy home return.
;J'aborderai trois aspects. 
;De mme, l'expansion du secteur des jeux de hasard ncessite la mise  jour du traitement des recettes que ces jeux produisent.  
;M. Ian Murray 
;La force serait aussi tout probablement charge de mettre en oeuvre les grandes lignes des dispositions civiles de l'entente provisoire, ce qui comprend l'appui aux autres organismes engags dans les programmes d'aide humanitaire. 
;Prayers 
;Agreed.  
;Mr. Speaker, the member is wrong. 
;This is in respect of the summary conviction matters heard by the Nunavut court of justice sitting as a youth court. 
;Pourquoi persistons-nous  le faire? 
;This is an age-old trick: divide to conquer.  
;There is an exchange of money that is fair.  
;Cependant, lorsqu'on habite la Colombie-Britannique et entend le type d'observations formules par certains membres de ce comit reprsentant le gouvernement fdral, il est difficile de ne pas se fcher. 
;I have serious reservations over some provisions of this bill. 
;Ces incertitudes augmentent le risque d'interruption de services  un moment crucial, celui de la cration du Nunavut. 
;he said, tenderly and in surprise, and coming closer:
;Ils les ont mis dehors. 
; " and peeing is a big part of my day , just like with felix , " chuckled another fellow , as he fastened his trousers up around his nipples and prepared to rejoin his wife . 
;Members 
;The hon. member is correct in pointing out that parliament, the democratically elected representatives of the people, has a primary obligation to debate and shape the laws which will govern the people. 
;Je me fiche des statistiques sur le nombre de mesures que nous appuyons ou que nous rejetons et qui viennent d'un gouvernement que nous voudrions remplacer en fin de compte. 
;Governments encouraged that. 
;We have now rectified the problem and over 80% of these professional service contracts are granted under competitive bidding.  
;Nor dooms his carcase to the birds of air.
;Members 
;That Bill C-32, in Clause 81, be amended by replacing, in the French version, lines 11 and 12 on page 54 with the following: 
;Mentionnons que des 51 banques canadiennes qui existaient en 1874, il n'en restait plus que 22 en 1914 et une dizaine en 1946. 
;Mme Shaughnessy Cohen 
;Even if no picketing action is taken by weighmen, numbers this small have effectively closed port operations. 
;CERIMON.
;It is unfortunate that the minister is not here, and that the minister of Indian affairs is not here either.  
;An hon. member:
;CEPA's preamble sets out a shared responsibility for the environment. 
;President Milosevic will not allow anybody accused of ethnic cleansing or crimes against humanity to be put on trial before an international court of justice.  
;All those opposed will please say nay.  
;Nous avons certes vu l'incidence rpugnante des nominations gouvernementales empreintes de npotisme  ces postes trs importants. 
;perhaps the fact that more of carrey's humorous side comes out during these scenes is what makes them so funny . 
;En guise de conclusion, je dirai que nous pouvons tirer les leons du pass pour mieux progresser. 
;BUDGET IMPLEMENTATION ACT, 1998 
;After having told a diplomat that the referendum process was like a lobster trap that Quebecers could not get out of, Mr. Parizeau was now hiding his true intentions. 
;This bill is too vague, a fact that a lot of people have condemned.  
;It seems to me that the federal government, unless there is a direct conflict with the charter of rights or some other constitutional fundamental provision, is bound to act on a provincial request. 
;Et plus de cinq dputs s'tant levs: 
;Mme si les tats-Unis et certaines nations europennes endossent l'ide d'largir l'opration par l'envoi de forces terrestres, le Canada devrait s'en tenir  son engagement initial, soit l'envoi de 600  800 militaires mais seulement comme gardiens de la paix et seulement aprs qu'un accord formel soit intervenu pour cesser les oprations et assurer que les Kosovars retournent chez eux.  
;imagination of the enormity she was supposed to have committed. She was
;The disparity in income tax levels between Canada and the United States has been a significant factor for high tech companies in my riding that need to attract and keep skilled employees.  
;This time, it is coming down on its own side, because it is the employer. 
;La commission examine le bien-fond des plaintes et elle fait cela au nom des Canadiens. 
;Later on, throughout the course of the debate, the Bloc Quebecois members rising to speak will be sharing their time.  
;      trifling colds. She will be taken good care of. As long as she
;Agreement was reached last December at the first ministers meeting that the 1998 budget had to include measures to reduce the financial burden on students. 
;Manchester, England.
;Ma circonscription compte six groupes d'Indiens et six rserves. 
;At the end of August GFI's investment in research and development with the help of a $4.3 million loan from Technology Partnerships Canada paid off. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, en dressant son premier budget en 1994, notre gouvernement avait vu l'iceberg. 
;CHAPTER 121. Midnight.—The Forecastle Bulwarks.
;of 1848, Rome blossoming out in Paris, is an anachronism. In ordinary
;YOUTH EMPLOYMENT 
;I guess three years late is better than not at all.  
;These are the women who paid off the deficit. 
;Mr. Preston Manning 
;Sir, you seem a sober ancient gentleman by your habit, but your words
;Such a scheme not only benefited the particular industry, but served a public purpose.  
;Ms. Sarmite Bulte 
;He is doing a tremendous job. 
;En tant que prcdent porte-parole en matire d'industrie, j'ai pass beaucoup de temps  tudier ce projet de loi en comit et  m'entretenir avec les reprsentants de l'industrie et aux membres du public qui s'intressent particulirement  la protection des renseignements personnels. 
;James Armbruster l'avait agresse sexuellement et avait dvalis son magasin. 
;explored, sounded, searched the entire forest and the thicket, and had
;The hostile gods conspire the fate of Troy.
;Je voudrais souligner la prsence  la tribune de Son Excellence, M. Erik Derycke, ministre des Affaires trangres de la Belgique.  
;stands like a high rock in the ocean.
;CADE, with his company
;Such \fIad hoc\fP complications of an originally simple procedure can give
;Notre systme tarifaire doit tre mieux adapt  l'conomie industrielle concurrentielle du Canada. 
;scrap of the gutter of the street would have met her wishes better. She
;Il est bien facile d'quilibrer le budget en se servant dans le compte des autres. 
;J'aimerais appliquer cette ide  la dcision que la Cour suprme du Canada a rendue dans la cause Marshall. 
;They pay the 3% surtax.  
;But the minister keeps saying it is 40,000 and it could be 60,000. 
;Leur syndicat dit que la province a besoin d'au moins 1 400 infirmiers et infirmires pour rpondre  la demande en soins de sant, et la province dit qu'elle n'a pas les moyens d'en avoir plus de 600  cause des rductions dans les transferts fdraux au titre des soins de sant.  
;Mr. Derek Lee 
;Cela ne veut pas dire que le simple fait de rendre la loi plus svre rglera les problmes de criminalit chez les jeunes dans ce pays. 
;	}
;It is understandable that the High Commission for Refugees has said that the Kosovar refugees should stay within the region.  
;It has been traumatic for the family, it has been traumatic for the people in my riding of Okanagan-Coquihalla.  
;Comme je l'ai dit, ce peut tre l'autonomie gouvernementale et des revendications territoriales. 
;she can hypotheitically act , we all saw that in " clueless , " but her lines kinda sound weird . 
;Nevertheless, like NATO it is also an organization that in many respects is out of date. 
;We look at the chairs over there and we see that they are green. 
;What we are saying is that a special committee should be set up to settle the issue. 
;Je sais que tous les dputs sont trs heureux que le dbat soit termin. 
;La question des biens immeubles matrimoniaux en cas d'chec du mariage concerne toutes les premires nations qui seront encore sous le rgime de la Loi sur les Indiens. 
;Le vice-prsident:
;Motion No. 327 
;no one spoke a word.
;Monsieur le Prsident, nous entamons aujourd'hui le dbat sur certains articles qui ont t reus et tudis en comit. 
;     XXX.    A Loss
;preoccupied condition, and the snow deadened the sound of his steps;
;An hon. member:
;Il faut vrifier galement si cette huile de beurre est bonne, si elle est comestible.  
;Mr. John Duncan 
;M. Claude Bachand 
;I do pity her, if 'tis true. He'll drag her to the dogs.'
;Mr. Speaker, the obvious answer is that we are talking about going into a very difficult area, into a war zone. 
;Mr. Reed Elley:
;Mr. Speaker, Quebeckers listening to what the Reformers are saying today can rest assured that this gives us further arguments in favour of sovereignty.  
;L'INDUSTRIE BANCAIRE 
;Il faut au moins un diplme d'tudes postsecondaires dans le monde du travail actuel. 
;EMPLOYMENT 
;Des voix:
;that was to recreate life and to save it from that harsh uncomely
;That is not what is before us today. 
;Ce sont les tribunaux qui dcident qui obtient les excdents.  
;    thatch'd house!
;i'm not saying that i was hysterically rolling on the floor while watching waiting for guffman , but my mouth burst open with at least a delighted guffaw at least every couple of minutes . 
;INTERNATIONAL OLYMPIC COMMITTEE 
;Il semble que cette dvolution de pouvoirs semblables  ceux des provinces soit, pour le gouvernement fdral, un pas vers le statut de province pour le territoire du Yukon. 
;Again it shows a total lack of foresight on the part of this government. 
;La modernisation du rgime permet aussi de confrer un titre et de reflter ainsi un phnomne, un changement social. 
;TABLE DES MATIRES 
;Le vote porte sur la motion. 
;Au total, les Canadiens toucheront une pension de retraite pendant environ 4,5 annes de plus que les retraits actuels.  
;Mr. Bob Kilger 
;    Then was I going prisoner to the Tower
;Ils ont le droit de dterminer qui sera juge. 
;Mr. Speaker, the only thing worse than that behaviour is defending it. 
;Voil autant de facteurs qui pourraient et devraient tre mesurs.  
;    Against my children, brothers, and myself-
;En d'autres termes, ces pays commenaient dj  ngocier, sur la scne internationale, une position qui leur conviendrait.  
;Madame la Prsidente, ma question s'adresse au secrtaire parlementaire. 
;La question qui se pose est la suivante: comment appliquer la lgislation fiscale existante de faon juste, prvisible et sans consquence pour le montant des recettes? 
;Que ce soit lors de la grve des Postes ou lors de la Loi de retour au travail pour les gens des chemins de fer, le Bloc qubcois tait du ct des travailleurs.  
;INDUSTRIE 
;I have here with me the communique issued about an hour ago by all the chiefs on the east coast. 
;Je l'ai fait au moyen de statistiques trs grossires et presque sans  priori. 
;Cet article empcherait une province d'apporter des changements rclams par la majorit des agriculteurs de son territoire.  
;Ma question s'adresse au ministre des Affaires trangres. 
;The onus is on each one of us to become safety conscious to protect our co-workers and reduce workplace injuries. 
;Peut-tre le Parti rformiste a-t-il dcid d'agir comme il le fait pour prouver le contraire. 
;Peut-tre tentent-ils de frauder le systme? 
;Contrairement  ce qui se fait ici, les Britanniques ont opt littralement pour leurs acquisitions vedettes, soit leurs porte-avions, leurs sous-marins d'attaque et leurs hlicoptres Apache. 
;Nous avons entendu les Canadiens qui se sont prsents pour parler des priorits du pays. 
;We saw the government members yell that great amendment down. 
;I have to say this. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, je suis fire de souligner aujourd'hui  la Chambre le travail exceptionnel de Mme Chantale Tremblay, infirmire rsidente du comt de Jonquire, rcipiendaire du prix Innovation clinique 3M.  
;Collective signifie qu'on y est parvenu ensemble; la partie patronale et la partie syndicale s'asseyent ensemble et ngocient ce qu'elles aimeraient obtenir pour les deux ou trois annes  venir, soit la dure d'une convention collective, puis elles s'entendent.  
;even breathing frostily, standing my boots right and left in the first
;“So it is, so it is; if we get it.”
;M. Myron Thompson:
; ce titre, le gouvernement canadien a la responsabilit de s'associer  l'effort individuel de chaque Canadien et Canadienne,  l'effort de chaque province et de chaque territoire pour s'assurer que tous les citoyens du pays aient accs aux mmes chances de contribuer  cette prosprit collective et qu'ils en profitent individuellement.  
;  KING JOHN. Let it be so. I do commit his youth
;    been!
;Mr. David Price 
;It is certainly not the members of this House. 
;LANTZ ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
;LES INCENDIES DE FORT EN ALBERTA 
;Mr. Wayne Easter 
;Nous avons demand au gouvernement de mettre en place un conseil consultatif indpendant en matire d'thique pour nous assurer que nous tions en mesure de garantir la protection des tres humains dans tous les essais cliniques mens dans le cadre des projets de recherche. 
;M. Myron Thompson:
;Le Prsident:
;Mme Robillard a rencontr, au centre de ressources pour les immigrants d'Auburn, des reprsentants principaux de divers ONG fournissant des services aux immigrants et aux rfugis et dfendant les intrts de ceux-ci. 
;pleasant, holiday weather we came to, seemed gradually to charm him
;Cependant, je vais faire de mon mieux pour rpondre  mon honorable collgue.  
;L'hon. Paul Martin 
;Le ministre de la Sant a dit aux victimes du sang contamin que l'affaire tait close.  
;      “And if not able to please himself in the arrangement, he has at
;INITIATIVES MINISTRIELLES 
;later , while trying to lose himself in a parade , kimble thinks to drop his overcoat , the most likely way he'd be recognized from behind . 
;Will the Government of Canada commit to a more democratic process and assure the House and concerned British Columbians that full debate will be allowed and that time allocation and closure will not cut off debate on this critical subject?  
;La loi du programme PAT est entre en vigueur le 1 er mai 1982. 
;If that information is being hidden from us, why? 
;Aviators, sailors, foot soldiers in 1914-18, 1939-45 and 1950-53, these victorious men and women fought in the war as a duty, but without liking it, because we are peaceful. 
;Those numbers are above and beyond the nearly 500,000 visitors that were welcomed to centre block by parliamentary guides.  
;There are limitations in place, however, to ensure the protection of certain fundamental rights and freedoms. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, le dput parle de ngligence, et c'est l qu'intervient la notion de responsabilit. 
;Members 
;Voici les activits qu'ils commanditeraient. 
;That is real money.  
;Toute dilution de l'importance de la signification d'un suffrage est un affaiblissement du processus dmocratique.  
;Je me demande pourquoi. 
;He heard the beating of his arteries as one hears the ticking of a
; cette occasion, mes collgues de la Chambre et moi devrions nous rappeler qu'il est important d'intgrer de nouveaux citoyens dans notre pays. 
;I declare Motion No. 135 lost.  
;a fine comic outing is given by paul giamatti as limbo , the ape slave trader making a living off the misery of the humans he captures . 
;By dint of going outdoors to think, the day comes when one goes out to
;Mr. Speaker, the president of CINAR is involved in the Liberal Party of Canada. 
;Mr. Speaker, the law provides that commission counsel is there to represent the interests of the complainants. 
;Would stand and make his eyes grow in my brow;
;      kl kr
;Back home in PEI, he will boast about this budget for the future. 
;If there is another treaty with provisions that are more advantageous than those that exist in the Nisga'a treaty, the Nisga'a will get those very same advantages. 
;Madam Speaker, I liked the reference made by the member opposite to Hallowe'en. 
;J'ai entendu l'expression. 
;violent means without some inquiries being made as to the cause of her
;Mr. Andr Harvey:
;Une fois les consultations termines, nous passerons  l'tape finale et examinerons des solutions de rechange et propositions que nous soumettrons aux gens. 
;mulan boasts the highest death toll of any disney cartoon to date . 
;Dveloppement conomique Canada alloue 68 millions de dollars et l'Agence de promotion conomique du Canada, pour sa part, alloue 80 millions de dollars. 
;La ministre conviendra avec moi que, tant donn la nature de cet amendement, la question de comptence, fdrale ou provinciale, est extrmement vague sur ce plan. 
;A new independent, regionally based, non-profit co-operative housing agency will offer the federal government an affordable way to protect public investment in co-op housing and to ensure that public funds directed to co-op programs are spent as intended and properly accounted for.  
;Mr. Speaker, our position on the constitutionality of the Nisga'a agreement has clearly been made in the House and in other areas.  
;It also means that some of us, having taken the agreement a little more seriously than others, find ourselves in a bit of difficulty.  
;Encore une fois, les agriculteurs ont t les premiers  s'entraider.  
;I will get to that a little more when I talk about the specific recommendations of this panel.  
;I asked some lawyers in the House of Commons to do some research for me with regard to a number of bills that were coming before the House. 
;The result of this approach is that government selected information networks and broadcasters appear to be chosen more because of lobby efforts and who you know instead of the energy and innovation they bring to the marketplace.  
;Nous reconnaissons que le tlmarketing reprsente actuellement une entreprise de 500 milliards de dollars au Canada et aux tats-Unis. 
;Elle est difficile  soutenir parce qu'elle est incomplte. 
;Mr. Speaker, I would like to remind the Prime Minister that it was our defence minister who put on the table the possibility of Canadian ground troops going into Kosovo.  
;Quelles mesures prend le ministre ou son associ pour protger les intrts des voyageurs canadiens et des 16 000 employs des Lignes ariennes Canadien dont les carrires sont menaces?  
;We have also agreed that we would look at a review of our own export permit regulations to ensure there is no diversion of sensitive technologies or transfers of technologies. 
;Je l'appuie parce qu'elle confie l'importante dcision de la rvocation du mandat d'une commission d'enqute aux dputs lus plutt qu' un gouvernement qui agit dans le secret.  
;Mr. Speaker, the foreign affairs minister and the agriculture minister went down to Washington, cap in hand, to beg the Americans to stop the unfair subsidies that are partly responsible for destroying our Canadian farms. 
;Il y proposait certaines modifications  cette loi. 
;It was not because it was on any kind of cutting edge or that it was being proactive.  
;There was an amendment I cannot believe the government turned down. 
;Il existe d'autres liens entre l'industrie de la construction navale et le pass de notre pays. 
;En fait, en tant que membres du Parti rformiste, nous sommes en train d'essayer d'organiser les choses, de briser la glace sur la question de l'unit nationale. 
;It had more than 26 regional offices. 
;Over 60 women died in 1997 at the hands of their past or current spouse. 
;What is interesting is that it is not all members of the Reform Party who want these programs stopped. 
;This is also democracy that gags the work of the House and the work of the committee considering Bill C-20. Let me explain.  
;Si nos affaires ncessitent une intervention humaine, il nous faut attendre et remplir toutes sortes de formulaires pendant que les employs de la banque font autre chose.  
;delicately good. Look at his hump, which would be as fine eating as the
;The mistakes continued until the year 1992. 
;Un appareil gouvernemental norme et un niveau lev d'imposition nous font perdre des emplois. 
;AFFAIRES COURANTES 
;_Letter, Dr. Seward to Hon. Arthur Holmwood._
;Si je ne m'abuse, c'est M. Fleming qui a comparu devant le comit et qui a insist pour dire que, selon lui, comme les protections constitutionnelles accordes au groupe confessionnel pentectiste l'ont t en 1987, il est convaincu que les pentectistes ne devraient bnficier d'aucune protection constitutionnelle.  
;The government seems to think of immigration as an economic tool with people seeking protection as a secondary category.  
;Copperfield, are you not?’ and I told him, ‘Neverberrer.’
;Mr. Gurmant Grewal:
;For example they are working abroad, going back to school or simply just are not working at all and are relying on other family members for support.  
;Parlons d'abord de la ralit. 
;Hon. Allan Rock 
;M. John Herron:
;Hon. Paul Martin 
;If we take a different approach, we will imperil the sustainability of public health care in Canada. 
;Hon. David M. Collenette 
;Les dputs ont le droit de poser des questions et de donner des rponses sans tre interrompus de la sorte. 
;Je le demande au dput, est-il catastrophique que l'on compte aujourd'hui au travail environ un million de personnes de plus qu'en 1993? Est-il catastrophique que le taux de chmage ait baiss de 11,2 p. 100  8,4 p. 100 et continue de baisser? 
;Sommes-nous les gardiens de nos frres? 
;Madam Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to stand in the House to support the government initiative. 
;Je n'accuse personne de faire cela. 
;On Ida’s summit sat imperial Jove:
;Newsgroups: rec.music.misc
;EDMUND.
;However, since Quebec has not signed the agreement on social union, will the federal government, with the co-operation of the other provinces, unilaterally impose in Quebec programs relating to health, post-secondary education and social assistance, which are all provincial jurisdictions?  
;The Chair was not paying close attention at that specific time; however, the Chair does pay close attention to debate and I am sure that if the necessity to bring people back to the discussion at hand arises, you can count on this particular chair occupant to do so. 
;Mais non. Notre ministre du patrimoine enfourche son blanc destrier, arrive en coup de vent et jette son anathme.  
;Mr. Mauril Blanger:
;There are all kinds of science in support of the international community's signing an agreement in Kyoto, Japan.  
;Monsieur le Prsident, je prends la parole au nom des habitants de Saanich-Gulf Islands.  
;L'hon. Jane Stewart 
;Quand le gouvernement se rendra-t-il compte que le Canada n'est pas un pays de cocagne pour tous les Canadiens? 
;LA SHEARWATER DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 
;Des voix:
;married right away, then,’ said he, ‘and then I will feel sure of you;
;It cannot be expected to be honest and open unless we get rid of the CTA hearing. 
;Mr. John Bryden:
;contained, it revealed something which sparkled in the ashes. By
;C'est logique. 
;An investment of $211 million over five years was also committed to the renewal of the national HIV/AIDS strategy.  
;Today, he has fallen from favour. 
;Hier, la Saskatchewan avait obtenu autant de mdailles que les tats-Unis d'Amrique.  
;Modifier l'institution du mariage serait envoyer le mauvais message. 
;Il s'agit plutt d'un effort de collaboration entre les autorits fdrales, provinciales et municipales destin  prvenir la criminalit et  faire en sorte que nous n'ayons pas besoin de plus de policiers  long terme. 
;when gene siskel said this about " fargo " only a few months into '96 , i dismissed the notion as ridiculous . 
;The first words that Albert uttered to his friend, on the following
;We remain with some serious problems that could have been addressed by the government but were not. 
;tom berenger provides some gruff comic relief , and robert duvall spends most of his on-screen time just looking weird . 
;L'hon. David M. Collenette 
;Si nous rigeons des murs entre les professionnels de la sant qui prennent soin d'un patient donn, nous entravons leur capacit de le traiter de faon srieuse et efficace. 
;We put our cards on the table. 
;me out with the cheeses, and am considered in disgrace for the rest of
;La langue doit tre un lment qui fait partie intgrante du programme chez les autochtones. 
;Action, nor utterance, nor the power of speech,
;PARKDALE CLEAN-UP DAY 
;MILITARY PROCUREMENT 
;Some hon. members:
;All our kind words and our words of encouragement will not bring back those who died last week. 
;Sir, my gracious lord,
;Wait in your royal walks, your board, your bed!
;Why will the government not let those prepared to provide leadership and compassion do so and let them vote compensation to all hepatitis C victims?  
;On trouve  la page 250 de la deuxime dition de l'ouvrage de Joseph Maingot, 
;Les Canadiens se rendent bien compte de l'importance du dfi auquel ils sont confronts. 
;Je suis trs heureux de dire  la Chambre que, le 16 avril, la rgion de Waterloo sera l'hte du 20e dner de la justice. 
;“Ah, that would be easy enough—I would give her a lesson.”
;The Somalia inquiry exposed very serious deficiencies within the military justice system. 
; cause des attaques continuelles de l'opposition, il a dcid qu'il tait trop difficile pour lui de faire tout son travail et il a dcid de me donner sa dmission. 
;Le trs hon. Jean Chrtien 
;before eight, or rather it ought to have done so, for after rushing to
;he rides a beautiful black steed and carries an imposing sword that cauterizes the wound of his victims with an immediate swipe . 
;No doubt the courts or our United Nations obligations will tell us the answers in due course.  
;M. Grant Hill 
;Est-ce que la mme philosophie du dput, si belle soit-elle, ne pourrait pas s'appliquer  des programmes qui touchent la vie quotidienne des gens de ce pays?  
;Mr. Speaker, every system needs checks and balances in order to operate in the long term in an enlightened fashion. 
;Par consquent, la question que la Prsidence doit trancher, sur la base des faits prsents, est de savoir si la dpute a fourni les lments de preuve ncessaires pour prouver qu'il y a,  premire vue, matire  question de privilge.  
;It is not a decision making role but it is an unprecedented step to allow parliament to debate.  
;M. Peter MacKay 
;take Dora to live at Putney. Dora, clinging to them both, and weeping,
;Who pour their bounty on her; and her gain
;LE SNAT 
;We have waited a long time. 
;CANADA POST 
;The hon. parliamentary secretary.  
;Cette lucrative pche au homard pourrait tre mise en pril si de vigoureuses mesures ne sont pas prises immdiatement pour mettre fin  cette activit illgale.  
;Les voeux des employs ne seront pas valids de la faon la plus fondamentale. 
;Le gouvernement fdral traite exactement de la mme manire tous les producteurs qui satisfont aux critres, peu importe la province o ils vivent.  
;L'hon. Don Boudria 
;Car il est clair que toute action du gouvernement entrane une raction.  
;On a interprt ce que cela voulait dire que d'avoir des motifs raisonnables de croire.  
;I have to ask the member for Kamloops, who is looking forward to his $1 million gold plated MPs pension, where his compassion was when he had the opportunity to say ``No thanks. 
;It was difficult to deal with this and I had to do quite a bit of soul searching and reflection on the representations made to the committee.  
;Le gouvernement a si souvent recours  cette mesure que le public et mme les dputs de l'arrire-ban en viennent  l'accepter comme invitable.  
;Dans la mme veine, la nouvelle loi permettra  l'Association de maintenir un programme d'ducation permanente pour ses membres, de sorte que le public puisse avoir confiance que les arpenteurs embauchs sont bien prpars pour leur tche.  
;In my riding we have federal co-op houses. 
;En dfinissant clairement nos rapports, il favorisera la croissance conomique locale pour les Nisga'as et pour les autres citoyens canadiens.  
;L'ASSURANCE-EMPLOI 
;Pourtant, il s'agissait d'une promesse du deuxime livre rouge et le Comit consultatif sur l'inforoute recommandait de doter ce fonds de 50 millions de dollars. 
;The world sees Canada as a protector of human rights and a leader in finding solutions to problems affecting other lives. 
;Nous trouvons cela injuste. 
;    From giving reins and spurs to my free speech;
;Aux termes de la nouvelle politique, les rductions d'missions dcouleront d'une plus grande utilisation des carburants de remplacement et d'une utilisation plus efficace du parc automobile.  
;``endorsed a candidate in at least 12 electoral'' 
;      their visitor took his leave for the night; but as soon as he was
;Je m'excuse, mais s'il y a un poste, au Canada, qui exige de son titulaire qu'il porte attention  ses dossiers, c'est bien celui d'un ministre, surtout celui du solliciteur gnral. 
;How many kings destroyed; and kingdoms won; 
;Les coupures budgtaires du gouvernement fdral aux rseaux d'associations, aux institutions culturelles et  Radio-Canada contribuent  la disparition du franais au Canada. 
;He has heard it before because it is a program that was put in place to eliminate the deficit. 
;    Still and contemplative in living art.
;If that is not ghosts and goblins, I do not know what is.  
;Mr. Wayne Easter 
;    Thou rather shalt enforce it with thy smile
;in fact , it is this film's reliance on simplicity which makes it so successful . 
;C'est important, dans le contexte actuel, aprs presque une dcennie o on leur a reni leurs comptences en matire culturelle et linguistique.  
;LE COMMERCE 
;one blade of grass to another equals the eagle soaring from belfry to
;Bien qu'on puisse appuyer le principe du projet de loi, et nous voudrions pouvoir le faire, j'estime que ce projet de loi quivaut  mettre la charrue devant les boeufs. 
;Villefort received the following note:
;Pendant que les blancs se faisaient dire de se doucher, les enfants dns jouaient dans la poussire radioactive. 
;Who is going to resign over this broken promise?  
;Mr. Speaker, how does the minister intend to meet her responsibilities in the future, when only yesterday she announced that staff will continue to be cut in her department? 
;Le Prsident:
;NAYS 
;Mme Hlne Alarie 
;Organisers have until October 1, 2000, to make a choice. 
;Land mines do not discriminate. 
;Le transport ferroviaire 
;Who can question the impact the great Foster Hewitt had on Canadian hockey and on Canadian nationalism? 
;Mr. Speaker, again let me set the record straight.  
;The template contained a total of ten pixels, selected from those above and
;Monsieur le Prsident, la dpute va devoir tre plus cohrente dans ce qu'elle raconte. 
;L'amendement, qui a malheureusement t prsent tardivement, a peut-tre empch de profiter de cette occasion. 
;down, please ? Here's a chair, and there's one, too.
;The matter is being treated very seriously. 
;NOUVEAUX DPUTS 
;pistol at five-and-twenty paces than have heard this name spoken; but
;LA SANT 
;Autrement dit, des criminels condamns aprs que le Code criminel eut t modifi par l'ajout de cette disposition ne seraient pas viss si le projet de loi abolissait cet article.  
;It will be an expression of popular will and not a master plan of political manipulation that will make the difference. 
;It is easy today to suggest that we should simply write a cheque for all those who demand it. 
;It is patently unfair for this information to be at the beck and call of government members and not to be disclosed to all members of the House. 
;as natural as possible.
;Vient ici la phrase  laquelle je voudrais que le dput fasse particulirement attention: ...et  rduire la dette fdrale.  
;Ms. Val Meredith:
;Mr. Speaker, I think we will recognize that question is a very peculiar one.  
;			self view iconView text: self view label.	"set new icon text"
;fifty thousand francs for it.”
;They are very sensitive to the whole idea of democracy. 
;The paper goes on to state: 
;The new territory of Nunavut will then appoint a commissioner who will be directly assigned to Nunavut on a permanent basis. 
;BILL C-55 
;Mr. Speaker, I am surprised the hon. member did not note that Prime Minister Blair did not have a vote on his decision.  
;Le chef de mon parti a rappel avec justesse le projet de loi S-31. 
;Les ministres de la Justice de tous les gouvernements ont appuy ce principe et tous les partis prsents  la Chambre l'ont fait eux aussi.  
;Elles reoivent galement le pouvoir de recruter leurs propres juges de paix et agents de police.  
;LES COMITS DE LA CHAMBRE 
;quite affected me. He was so peaceful and resigned--clearly had his
;Il y a d'abord la cration d'une prdisposition  fumer, c'est--dire de la perception qu'il est normal et acceptable de fumer pour ses pairs. 
;volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
;Question No. 216- Mr. John Solomon: 
;We had witnesses before the committee who stated that this is one of the most open negotiations in the history of these government led trade negotiations.  
;Monsieur le Prsident, le dput s'obstine  affirmer que nous ne faisons que suivre les politiques des conservateurs. 
;Est-ce que le ministre des Affaires intergouvernementales peut expliquer  cette Chambre ce que les Qubcois et l'ensemble des Canadiens peuvent esprer de cette importante harmonisation?  
;WOMEN PARLIAMENTARIANS 
;They now take $39 billion to $40 billion more out of the economy than they did a few years ago. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, je vais commencer sur un ton logieux. 
;    Silvia, I speak to you, and you, Sir Thurio;
;En tant que porte-parole du Parti rformiste pour les questions relatives au ministre du solliciteur gnral, je sais que 17 p. 100 des dtenus taient autochtones en 1998, contre 11 p. 100 en 1991-1992. 
;who plays carly on drake and josh	There are a total of 60 episodes were produced spanning four seasons .	0
;Mr. Speaker, as the former chairman of the Waterloo regional police I have a very keen and strong interest in this area of the Criminal Code.  
;looked around as though he had lost his senses—he wanted air.
;Mr. Speaker, that question is simply nonsense. 
;right, is the Yarman.”
;      “This is a parade,” he cried, “which does one good; it gives such
;Qu'en est-il de l'assurance-emploi? 
;Hon. Jim Peterson:
;C'est comme le relvement des fourchettes d'imposition dont on entend parler sans cesse. 
;In my view, the bill is profoundly democratic. 
;The finance minister said: 
;sounds like the perfect excuse for another temper tantrum , doesn't it ? 
;Regardons, par exemple, les chiffres.  
;S'engagera-t-il aujourd'hui  augmenter le budget de la dfense de 10 p. 100 immdiatement? 
;advise.”
;Peggotty desired to speak with me. He came into the garden to meet me
;Il vous reste 25 minutes.  
;Les priodiques ne sont que le commencement. 
;In Canada we believe very much that it is important to humanize globalization. 
;She is not responding to the challenge that has been raised in British Columbia that the government has violated sections 91 and 92 of the constitution.  
;And what, Margaret, will be the state of your mind? You will not hear of
;Rest seems inglorious, and the night too long.
;The hon. member has raised a particular point on a particular issue. 
;a little door and showed me my bedroom. It was the completest and most
;to be thankful for, in that! How much have I to be thankful for, in Mr.
;Unfortunately there are also those in the system that have the attitude that they do not want to attend a treatment program. 
;‘Why, if I was you,’ said Mr. Dick, considering, and looking vacantly
;one whom he sought with all possible discretion. In the meanwhile, he
;They will also have the duty to act honestly and in good faith, exercising all reasonable care, diligence and skill. 
;that yawning pocket.
;Pour reprendre le terrain perdu et peut-tre plus que a.  
;GOVERNMENT ORDERS 
;Monsieur le Prsident, j'invoque le Rglement. 
;I want to conclude my remarks by referring once again to a policy paper. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, les parents ont le droit de savoir si leurs enfants seront assis  ct d'un dtenu sans escorte. 
;Le gouvernement qui n'tait pas en faveur de taxer les contribuables et qui a rduit les dpenses au cours des quatre dernires annes veut aujourd'hui taxer les gens et dpenser.  
;I would like to ask the minister yet again which is it? 
;J'ai une autre question galement si je puis me le permettre. 
;We need to talk about more than providing similar benefits. 
;How many more farmers have to go bankrupt before the minister and the government find compassion and announce a comprehensive compensation package?  
;What the NDP is proposing is a recipe for disaster. 
;The Speaker 
;I also want to comment on how the government has shoved the bill through the House so rapidly. 
;L'honorable dpute de Louis-Hbert a la parole.  
;Mr. Speaker, the member took out of context what was said by the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans today. 
;M. Robert Bertrand 
;Je ne comprends pas pourquoi le gouvernement est incapable de ficher la paix aux Canadiens et de leur permettre de ramener la prosprit au pays.  
;If they were prepared to do that and were prepared to come forward with an important study about the scientific assessment of risks associated with drinking water and drinking water materials then why could we have not waited to see the results of the study? 
;The House met at 10 a.m. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, y a-t-il quelqu'un dans ce gouvernement qui peut nous expliquer aujourd'hui comment il se fait qu'ils ne peuvent confirmer les faits que nous avons rendus publics? 
;there that his "cobble" or his "mule," as they term the different
;Nous avons fait parvenir les rponses du ministre  M. Frmont et voici ce qu'il a rpondu: La distorsion de mes propos est vraiment inacceptable. 
;Interestingly enough, a person can lose his or her citizenship there if he or she leaves for a period of five years.  
;From unsuccessful charge; be not dismayed, 
;Il n'y a pas de solutions faciles  ce problme, mais il est ncessaire d'adopter une stratgie globale, une stratgie d'intervention collective qui permettra de trouver une solution intressante. 
;Unless, perchance, you come to me again,
;Maintenant je retourne dans la plaine d'Old Crow  tous les trois ou quatre ans et je remarque des changements. 
;But, as I said before, there is also a guarantee for the U.S. that, should there be a problem, it will be dealt with outside of their territory. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, c'est votre collgue qui a dcouvert, la semaine dernire, qu'il y avait un problme de drogues. 
;It means that a lot of air traffic controllers have to work overtime up to 10 times a month.  
;If the payment is not made at that time but made at a later date-let us say it is due on July 1 and the payment is not made until July 31-according to the act, if in the opinion of the minister that payment is late, he may recognize it. 
;In general, overpayments are recovered by deducting 50% of the amount of future benefits until the debt is repaid. 
;Unfortunately we get made in Ottawa solutions that do not benefit the people in a particular area or region of Canada. 
;MISSING CHILDREN DAY 
;That is money that could have benefited our health care system.  
;Leo, a roaring Lion, lies in the path—he gives a few fierce bites and
;Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 99th birthday of the town of Bridgewater, Nova Scotia. 
;Which from his darksome passage now appears, 
;Some hon. members:
;I declare Motion No. 429 lost.  
;Madam Speaker, I am proud to have this opportunity on behalf of the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration to open debate on Bill C-16, the citizenship of Canada act.  
;Il traite toute l'affaire comme un vote de confiance.  
;I draw the attention of hon. members to the presence in the gallery of Mr. Yordan Sokolov, President of the National Assembly of the Republic of Bulgaria.  
;THE ECONOMY 
;We want the child care exemption to be given to all families, no matter how they look after their children. 
;Un sous-comit a tudi l'avenir du rseau de la Voie maritime et des Grands Lacs; ce sous-comit tait prsid par mon collgue, le dput libral de Thunder Bay. 
;at this point , the differences in the american version and the international version really kick in . 
;I mean where parties seek the advice and interpretation of the courts when we have what is at the core of the English concept of equity, a continuing process of working together by the parties, trying to interpret general principles in terms of accommodation of interests of a larger community which, in Canada, includes the so-called two founding nations that are really relatively recent arrivals, the original nations and others.  
;Cependant, nous respectons la prrogative du gouvernement d'appeler  ces consultations. 
;was necessary to avoid confusing them
;man of war, with a face of an archbishop, said, “The ball takes place
;Today we can be proud that 68% of Canada's population is eligible to vote. 
;M. John Reynolds 
;Is it the pleasure of the House to adopt the motion?  
;First, Marcus Brutus, will I shake with you;
;Je voudrais poser une question au leader parlementaire du gouvernement. 
;Du dernier sicle qu'on vient de vivre, il y a une chose assez intressante  retenir: l'esprance de vie a augment d'environ une vingtaine d'annes. 
;Some of the reason for that lies behind decisions made by governments in years gone by: overspending, spending for the future and running up huge debts.  
;Organized crime has emerged as the number one threat to Canada's overall security, yet the government has cut the legs out from under Canada's security committee. 
;I have described the role of the federal government to ensure that the shipbuilding industry can compete globally; its policy and its continuing efforts to reduce market distortions. 
;LEAR.
;Mr. Pierre Brien 
;almost the entire ship’s company, the whole of this conscientious duty
;I would also like to recognize the farmers. 
;We know that various other aspects of the Canada Elections Act will be challenged in court. 
;not able to light on any map or work giving the exact locality of the
;In the case of Hibernia, we had a special management deal whereby we would only loose 70 in equalization dollars. 
;    Of raging waste? It cannot hold; it will not.
;'She never do allude to it, sir,' said Liddy, thinking
;S'il avait cout Gabriel Dumont, l'issue de la rbellion aurait t bien diffrente.  
;Le ministre aurait aussi pu mettre fin  une situation discriminatoire envers certaines catgories de travailleurs qubcois qui, dpendant de la loi qui rgit leurs conditions de travail, n'auront pas droit  la mme protection.  
;Nous croyons que la cration d'emplois ne passe pas par les subventions, ni ncessairement par la formation. 
;We know there is a need to update Canada's law with regard to electronic commerce. 
;Mr. Speaker, I would like to have the hon. member for Calgary Southeast retract the statements he just made.  
;Un ministre vient de faire une dclaration  la Chambre pour nous dire qu'une attaque est en cours. 
;the extent and abruptness of the rise depending on features like whether
;They subsequently divided into three separate bands. 
;D'accord.  
;The Minister of Transport has the regulatory authority to make reflective markings mandatory on all railway cars travelling in Canada, and he needs to do it now. 
;Second, helping those who have graduated manage growing debt burdens.  
;As my colleague says, there is just no value on life. 
;In the last few years in Ontario there has been a dramatic increase in consumption. 
;L'Accord sur le commerce intrieur est le rsultat d'un processus difficile de ngociation entre le gouvernement fdral et les provinces et territoires en 1993 et 1994. 
;That is according to federal government budget documents. 
;M. Bill Graham 
;La marine canadienne a servi durant la guerre du Golfe et continue de le faire.  
;Mr. Stphane Bergeron 
;PETITIONS 
;Dputs 
;We stress that attempts to bring a diplomatic end to this crisis should continue in spite of the ongoing military action.  
;Il s'agira d'un fonds de 3,5 milliards de dollars, mais personne ne pourra y puiser d'argent cette anne. 
;What a joke it is being on a committee in this parliament. 
;Pour l'anne financire 1998-1999, il est prvu que la Coalition canadienne recevra les montants suivants pour la collecte et l'analyse des donnes pour l'application de l'outil devant servir de cadre au suivi, dvelopp par la Coalition canadienne pour les droits des enfants, aux articles de la Convention et valuera les rsultats:
;D'abord, il a parl de ce qui se passe au Qubec. 
;there. It meant solitude to him and liberty to her. There, she became a
;Might families with three kids, with or without stay home mothers, be under some duress if they had to go to hospital and fork out money for user fees?  
;When I go into the schools I like to draw analogies so that students have something specific to relate to. 
;Preventing global warming means investing in people and in businesses who are developing clean technologies. 
;On a d'ailleurs fait remarquer dans le dbat prcdent qu'une confession avait t ajoute en 1987.  
;Monsieur le Prsident, le ministre des Finances du Canada a t l'hte des 21 ministres des Finances de l'APEC du 22 au 24 mai,  Kananaskis, en Alberta. 
;Le cot du service de la dette est quivalent  la somme des budgets annuels de la Colombie-Britannique, de l'Alberta, de la Saskatchewan et du Manitoba. 
;L'cole et les milieux communautaires se compltent  merveille. 
;After that Mr. Bell waited another month for more diagnostic services. 
;PTITIONS 
;We are grown up enough in the country to stop the practice of the Prime Minister toying around with the electorate for the clear advantage of the ruling party by requiring in the future that byelections be held within six months of vacancies arising in the House. 
;Mr. Speaker, I suppose we could have dictated unilaterally what people would receive. 
;The Bloc Quebecois has been calling for an in-depth review of corporate taxation ever since it came to Ottawa.  
;A common structure on the humble sands:
;It was a week or two after the last whaling scene recounted, and when
;The government's taxation record is in precisely the opposite direction to the direction it promises in the throne speech.  
;Que tous ceux qui sont en faveur de la motion veuillent bien dire oui.  
;Des pdophiles circulent librement en ce moment. 
;There are enormous challenges ahead for those experts who have been involved in the process, and very significant challenges for those who will have to take this legislation and implement it in a meaningful way that addresses the concerns of all Canadians.  
;Le tribunal statuera probablement que le gouvernement fdral n'a pas le droit de rglementer la proprit prive. 
;We hope these awards will inspire our young people to follow in the footsteps of the people who were honoured last night.  
;Cette source dit aussi que les peseurs de la Commission canadienne des grains sont en grve et qu'ils font du piquetage aux cinq terminaux craliers. 
;The Conservative government implemented the general surtax in 1986, which was followed by the GST. 
;Incidentally, during a speech delivered at McGill University's law faculty on Thursday, April 8, Canada's former ambassador and permanent representative to the United Nations, Yves Fortier, did not hesitate to criticize the Prime Minister for his lack of transparency regarding Canada's position and action in the Kosovo conflict. 
;It is about time that Canadians recognized that government does not have all the answers. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, seul un libral peut continuer de se vanter alors que 1,4 million d'enfants vivent toujours dans la pauvret.  
;Mr. Guy St-Julien 
; mon avis, les oui l'emportent.  
;We must remember that there is no regulated fishery right now. 
;Multiple murderers, according to Correctional Service Canada using its own statistics, serve an average of only 18.8 years in prison. 
;M. Monte Solberg:
;Who is the government going to hold accountable for botching the government's case against Brian Mulroney?  
;Mr. Dale Johnston:
;It is very timely because it pertains to the question of medicare and the ability of this government to preserve the principles enshrined in the Canada Health Act. 
;how many cubes are in the us ?	DMOs produce billions of dollars in direct and indirect revenue and taxes for their destinations ' economies with their marketing and sales expertise .	0
;Some hon. members:
;in Caesar, and, as I said before, that which is the strength of their
;      disadvantage to be so very guarded. If a woman conceals her
;Most villainously; like a pedant that keeps a school i’ th’ church. I
;Madam Speaker, I am quite saddened by the hon. member's comments. 
;Le dput a raison. 
;Il est vrai que nous devons essayer de savoir ce que la population souhaiterait.  
;They are not even doing what the CFIB has been asking them to do for the last 10 years. 
;Medon and Iasus, Æneas sped;
;in their own handles, but daggers which he nevertheless believed to be
;Le Prsident:
;As a result it takes away from basic rights.  
;UNITED STATES IMMIGRATION ACT 
;DESDEMONA.
;Judge Warren was commissioned to report on the military police. 
;The Government will strengthen the capacity of the RCMP and other agencies to address threats to public security in Canada and work with enforcement agencies in other countries. 
;Nos produits sont importants aussi. 
;What were the problems with Dalton 's original laws ?	where is the concentration of the i-th component expressed in ppm .	0
;La Chambre est-elle prte  se prononcer?  
;Le gouvernement a examin cela et, dans ce cas-ci, a dit ceci: Cela n'est vraiment pas conforme  notre programme. 
;Does the hon. House leader have the unanimous consent of the House to move the motion?  
;Hon. Arthur C. Eggleton 
;Mr. Speaker, I have three sets of petitions to present. 
;I think this coming summer the King of Sicilia means to pay Bohemia the
;instead of seeing people get bonked on the head , we get well-timed , clever gags that seem to have required some imagination to come up with . 
;Mr. Derek Lee 
;AFFAIRES COURANTES 
;Ce que nous voulons faire ici, et je voudrais l'aider  bien le saisir, c'est aider le gouvernement  assumer le leadership dans ce dossier. 
;Another area is what we might call knowledge based business, the information technology business. 
;Aux yeux du gouvernement, les bnfices raliss par des socits trangres sont-ils plus importants que la protection de notre environnement?  
;M. Guy St-Julien: 
;Par exemple, le Conseil canadien des chefs d'entreprises a tent d'illustrer la nature et l'ampleur des mesures ncessaires pour rduire les missions de dioxyde de carbone au Canada au niveau de 1990. 
;L'hon. Stphane Dion 
;Mr. Michel Bellehumeur 
;			   kr kr
;that name again as you have pronounced it.”
;I know members are eager to return to their ridings and to go home, but we in the NDP believe that the bill today is a very important bill. 
;DFENSE NATIONALE ET ANCIENS COMBATTANTS 
;I am of the view that when the minister negotiates the final working agreement he should be very specific as to what culture, for the purpose of the agreement, means. 
;C'est un scandale. 
;I don't know them by name'' to ``it is Frederick Toole from Saint John''. 
;The Canadian parks agency will be working on what we call a two year rolling budget. 
;My colleague from the Bloc referred to that. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, je remercie le dput pour sa question.  
;Ils disent que chaque fois qu'il sera fait recours  des travailleurs de remplacement, ils feront valoir au conseil que c'est seulement dans le but de nuire au syndicat.  
;On division.  
;“Do you seriously ask my advice, Valentine?”
;Then they go off to committee. 
;En dpit des plaintes des lobbyistes de l'industrie du magazine voulant que ce soit le dbut de la fin des magazines canadiens, l'entente est assez intressante pour les propritaires de magazines canadiens. 
;The best that can be said about the so-called health budget is that at least the federal Liberal government finally acknowledged that it was its policies that were causing the crisis across this country in our health care system.  
;Au cas o certains auraient du mal  me suivre, je dis cela parce que l'arbitrage des propositions finales ne prend pas une partie de la proposition finale du syndicat et une partie de celle de la direction.  
;En fait, aprs notre dmnagement  la campagne, j'ai fait du vlo pendant des annes et j'tais en parfaite condition physique. 
;Il s'est rcemment rendu aux Nations Unies dans ce but. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, la conduite du gouvernement n'est absolument pas incompatible avec notre obligation  titre de fiduciaire.  
;Mr. Speaker, the minister also said yesterday and I quote ``It was never envisaged that a province or a private company would profit''. 
;It has to be the Liberals and the Conservatives. 
;Up to now everyone has an opinion, even those voters who have called me. 
;Je ne vois qu'une seule raison de ne pas le faire; nous ne le ferions pas si nous considrions la rserve comme quelque chose d'unique, non comme une administration municipale, mais comme une administration rurale. 
;In other words, they see employment insurance premium reduction as a priority.  
;AN ACT FOR THE RECOGNITION AND PROTECTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS 
;The fact is, having a system in place that would bring youth into the system at the age of 10 would allow her government to bring about the necessary change that would encompass and hold young offenders responsible.  
;Is it the pleasure of the House to adopt the motion?  
;It was a queer sort of place—a gable-ended old house, one side palsied
;#! rnews 849
;Yea, get the better of them. What’s to do?
;Mr. Andr Bachand 
;Comme c'est la coutume le mercredi, nous allons chanter  Canada sous la direction du dput de Saskatoon-Rosetown-Biggar.  
;Il ne dpend que de nous d'agir sagement  cet gard et de bien dfinir nos priorits quand nous dpensons l'argent que nous percevons des contribuables.  
;was continually lessening, and thus preparing for me a hideous death.
;On arrive  cela en rduisant les impts, ce qui permet aux entreprises de prendre de l'expansion et de crer des emplois. 
;Sur les trois questions qui seront tudies par la Chambre aujourd'hui, je veux m'attarder plus particulirement  la deuxime question souleve par la motion,  savoir que le gouvernement n'tait pas convenablement prpar en prvision de la dcision de la Cour suprme du Canada dans l'affaire Marshall qui reconnat les droits de pche, de chasse et de cueillette des peuples autochtones. 
;I believe this is the forum and the place for elected officials to partake of that process.  
;The hon. member for Calgary Northeast has the floor. 
;Their constituency is often the same, irrespective of what party is in office or who is managing government funds.  
;father kiernan is an investigator who has made a career out of disproving supposed religious signs , but this time he believes there is something to the bleeding statue . 
;tions de toute loi fdrale-y compris la prsente loi-ou provinciale actuelle ou future, l'accord l'em- 
;past. She has worn herself away by constant sharpening. She is all
;Monsieur le Prsident, chaque occasion qui m'est donne de prendre la parole  la Chambre des communes au nom des lecteurs de la circonscription de Kootenay-Columbia est pour moi un privilge.  
;Mr. Speaker, all Canadian citizens need money to put clothes on their backs, food on their tables and shelter around them. 
;Cela dit, il est clair qu'on peut tirer des leons de l'laboration du trait nisga'a. 
;Introduction and first reading 
;Voracious hounds, that many a length before
;To simply say that we should publish the names of every person who gets in trouble with the law from the age of 10 on up is so nonsensical as to be almost laughable.  
;The Quebec model has been successful, and it is to protect it from a centralizing federal program that, this morning, I tabled a bill to make changes to the millennium scholarship foundation. 
;Lean penury within that pen doth dwell,
;Je veux simplement que mon vote soit enregistr contre cette motion.  
;Canada will be in a position to ratify the agreement once this legislation is passed.  
;no queen of virgins, that would suffer her poor knight surpris’d,
;Negotiations are not the issue here.  
;and frankly , it's nice to see a film that embraces softened sensuality other than explicit sexuality . 
;      expostulation with her brother for talking such nonsense.
;in the words of one of the villains , " we even know what size pantyhose she wears . " 
;that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she
;We have to revive ``Compare the Share''. 
;None of this is explained so I assume this also would be left to the discretion of a judge.  
;we watch as the silhouettes of mike , tom , and crow sit in a darkened theater poking fun at the movie going on before them . 
;The Deputy Speaker:
;The Deputy Speaker:
;Un dput d'en face a eu un jour le culot de me dire nous devons garder beaucoup de choses secrtes, car la plupart des agriculteurs ne savent pas vraiment comment bien commercialiser leur grain. 
;A farmer from Manitoba said that dealing with short term cash inputs without long term commodity price safety nets is like giving Valium to a cancer patient.  
;Il a t libr parce que l'analyse gntique a rvl qu'il n'avait pas commis le crime dont il a t accus et pour lequel il a pass 23 annes en prison.  
;arrangements.”
;Mr. Chuck Strahl 
;Que le projet de loi C-32,  l'article 122, soit modifi par substitution, dans la version franaise,  la ligne 14, page 91, de ce qui suit: 
;They have the same position, the same reduced Kyoto position.  
;C'est un mythe que de dire que nous allons appuyer le statut quo, car le statut quo est en train de tuer les Canadiens. 
;Ce sont des choses qui sont en train de se dvelopper et qui risquent de se concrtiser dans les jours et les mois qui viennent.  
;Mr. Bernard Patry 
;Monsieur le Prsident, la ministre a dit que c'est un dossier fort complexe et j'ai tendance  en convenir.  
;Mr. Speaker, yesterday Premier Harris kept his word. 
;The official opposition believes quite strongly that this is undemocratic. 
;TAXATION 
;There are two conditions. 
;It will also require significant financial resources to help those countries to change their processes and practices in agriculture and pest management.  
;That Bill C-6 be amended by deleting Clause 35.  
;Motion no 49 
;yes , although he's an obviously klutzy moron , nasa doesn't think twice about throwing him into a rigorous training program so he can assist one of the most important events the space program , and time itself , has ever known . 
;To spite a raven’s heart within a dove.
;In this regard, the Minister of Finance obviously lacked transparency from his first budget to his sixth in terms of releasing the real figures for public finances, for the deficit and for the surpluses.  
;I often use the words ``call in the members''. 
;in many ways , " twotg " does for tough-guy movies what la confidential did for police stories . 
;M. Mike Scott 
;A curse upon him, die he like a thief,
;The government is refusing the proposal of arbitration, of calling upon an adjudicator to determine working conditions, if we are unable to reach agreement''.  
;D'abord, nous nous sommes engags  recourir  des chantiers navals canadiens pour renouveler, rparer et remettre en tat les flottes du gouvernement. 
;This is the example it is about to set. 
;I would like to talk to some of the information which my hon. colleague provided with regard to things such as the balanced budget, debt repayment plan and a few other things such as comments he made regarding the EI fund.  
;We will have a society where so-called personal information will no longer exist and, consequently, where there will be no privacy for anyone.  
;Mr. Speaker, the supreme court ruling regarding Donald Marshall and native fishing rights has led to chaos on the east coast and uncertainty across the nation.  
;INTERPARLIAMENTARY DELEGATIONS 
;This should not necessarily mean that the plan be terminated. 
;Le vice-prsident:
;It was Theodore Roosevelt who said that those who build the future are the ones who do something, not those who complain about how it should have been done.  
;      walked about the room. Her figure was elegant, and she walked
;her villa at Mentone.  Your name was implicated in the most terrible
;Madame la Prsidente, j'apprcie ces propos et l'approche adopte par le parti du dput. 
;M. Bill Graham 
;The attack on Hougomont was something of a feint; the plan was to draw
;Quand vient le temps de faire rentrer de force des employs qui sont sous sa responsabilit, le Parti libral va se targuer de pouvoir faire cela pour de multiples raisons.  
;Probably the immediate families of senators are the only people left who think it is a really good idea.  
;On a mme entendu le premier ministre dire, alors que j'tais  Hull comme observateur lors du congrs du Parti libral: Mon Dieu, a nous fait honte comme Qubcois, cette affaire-l. 
;On the issue of taxation we will end up with natives who will pay income tax but they do not have the economic levers they need to become individually self-sufficient. 
;Est-ce qu'ils veulent rehausser au niveau de ce qui existait auparavant, d'un coup, ou sur une priode de cinq ans, comme les ministres de la Sant l'avaient mentionn l'anne dernire?  
;mingled with his hair, which was still thick and matted, while his
;Mr. Speaker, I surely cannot imagine that the Americans will be willing to relinquish control of their nuclear bomb transport trucks and their armed guards once the plutonium crosses the Canadian border. 
;Projects range from promoting the professional development of nurses to encouraging nurses to take a leadership role in the primary health care of the community.  
;Monsieur le Prsident, le dput de Hillsborough m'inspire toujours beaucoup de respect. 
;On peut gnralement compter sur nous.  
;Le gouvernement se doit de sauver les apparences, au moins, en assurant la prsence de quelques dputs...  
;There is now enough stability to be able to put more focus on economic recovery, on more demining, on the September 1998 general elections, on police reform, on the safe return of displaced persons and on the building of common institutions. 
;what kind of person was thomas paine	As the author of two highly influential pamphlets at the start of the American Revolution , he inspired the Patriots in 1776 to declare independence from Britain .	0
;The Deputy Speaker:
;Monsieur le Prsident, je veux d'abord remercier tous les dputs qui ont mis de ct leurs convictions partisanes et crit pour dnoncer avec vhmence les mesures prises par un certain diteur de priodiques amricain.  
;The Speaker:
;PAIRS 
;Dputs 
;you see , mankind has three abilities he needs to survive : the ability to think , entertain , and procreate . 
;    As he is but my father's brother's son,
;L'hon. Andrew Mitchell 
;Nous ne pouvons pas nous permettre de nous diviser si nous voulons servir nos producteurs. 
;Whose spreading arms with leafy honours crown’d,
;We want them in the system. 
;Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday in the House, the Minister of Health said that genetically modified foods were all thoroughly examined by a team of experts.  
;FOREIGN AFFAIRS 
;you need an actor less slow and less reliant on moving his hands to act , and who's also british , like mcgann is as the doctor . 
;I would also like to congratulate the members for Parkdale-High Park and for Beauce on their excellent speeches. 
;Ceux-ci sont tenus d'informer la population et d'accorder l'accs  toute information qui sert l'intrt public.  
;Mon parti et moi appuyons le projet de loi avec certaines rserves. 
;Nous ne le tolrerons pas. 
;GRAIN 
;Mr. Speaker, allow me to join all Canadians in congratulating the National Film Board of Canada on its 63rd Oscar nomination received today from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in the category of documentary short subject for its production entitled Sunrise Over Tiananmen Square .  
;The federal government also makes strategic investments in science, technology and the creation of knowledge, the very lifeblood of the new economy. 
;Le vote porte sur la motion no 1. 
;My question is for the Minister of Industry, Mr. Speaker. 
;M. Denis Paradis 
;The federal government should intervene to ensure that Canadians living in these regions do not suffer undue hardship.  
;Pourrait-il nous parler des difficults que rencontrent des enfants qui dnoncent, souvent plusieurs dizaines d'annes aprs le fait, les agressions sexuelles dont ils ont t victimes? 
;Fait intressant, lorsque le dput a prsent et expliqu son projet de loi, il a dit que le but de l'exercice n'tait pas la vengeance. 
;CANADA'S WALK OF FAME 
;L'hon. Charles Caccia:
;Motion no 14 
;The hon. member for Verchres-Les-Patriotes informs me he will not proceed with Motion No. 125. 
;Declaring a week of awareness is not the answer. 
;Est-ce qu'il trouve normal que tout le monde, sauf le ministre de l'Industrie, pense que a va mal dans l'industrie navale o a fonctionne  40 p. 100 de sa capacit? 
;And a true lover of the holy Church.
;The act as it now stands makes an offence of obstructing the work of the information officer and commissioner and provides a penalty for that offence. 
;These letters solicited support for an Ontario provincial Liberal candidate named George Winter.  
;Quelle insulte pour les candidats. 
;En ralit, le premier ministre devait mme se joindre  eux pour discuter de ces mesures, et il n'a annul sa participation qu' la dernire minute.  
;They found that the Irish formula was tailored to Ireland's very specific circumstances, and that it would not suit Canada's circumstances.  
;I did not much appreciate the comments made by the member who just spoke. 
;in water in a riot. He wore a scarlet waistcoat, and indulged in the
;L'an dernier, par exemple, le Parlement a discut de plusieurs vnements internationaux extrmement visibles. 
;      must speak to Hill this moment.”
;Mme Libby Davies 
; Enter Launcelet Gobbo, the clown, alone.
;We thank the Tlbec and Tlbec Mobilit team in Abitibi-Tmiscamingue.  
;Motion for concurrence 
;Mr. Eric Lowther 
;In closing, I would like to also note that Canadians should be proud of the true success story of the Royal Canadian Mint. 
;Le progrs fulgurant des exportations qubcoises s'explique par l'ouverture des gens d'affaires  la mondialisation. 
;Il sera important d'examiner ces pratiques en comit afin de voir en dtail comment elles se manifesteront dans l'avenir. 
;Cette situation existait parce qu'il avait t impossible d'acqurir la parcelle de terrain en question lors de la construction de la route 403. 
;CASSIO.
;I do not believe there would be any objection from the movers of this bill in either the Senate or this chamber to the government doing that.  
;LOI SUR LA PUBLICATION DES TRAITS 
;THE SENATE 
;He will stay for a little while and then he will get up and leave after they have had a bit of a fight. 
;  BUCKINGHAM. With what a sharp-provided wit he reasons!
;Chapter 11 in this agreement, which deals with self-government, will obviously be considered an aboriginal treaty right and it will be constitutionally protected. 
;Division No. 13 
;So love, and Fortune for me!—O, good morrow.
;La deuxime solution consisterait  prendre les excdents budgtaires que nous enregistrons et, au lieu de les consacrer  toutes sortes de programmes plus ridicules les uns que les autres, comme le gouvernement le fait chaque anne...  
;Pour rpondre au dput, je crois que, si ce projet de loi est adopt, cette dfinition sera probablement conteste devant les tribunaux. 
;Cela pourrait venir avec le temps. 
;I would like to pay special thanks to her for her very dedicated work and participation in the process.  
;For those reasons, I encourage all members to support the resolution.  
;It is just that we are becoming increasingly sceptical and doubtful that it will happen under the guise of Parks Canada.  
;The Canadian government has put the health care system in this position. 
;On se penchera  nouveau sur cette mesure, car elle ne fonctionnera pas bien.  
;They are not. 
;Pourquoi le ministre de la Sant va-t-il forcer ces victimes  le poursuivre devant les tribunaux pour obtenir l'indemnisation  laquelle elles ont droit?  
;It is nonsense to throw that red herring out and say that Reform's proposals are no good because somehow they will not handle disabled protection the same way as the Liberal's proposals will. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, est-ce qu'il y a une hypothque rfrendaire? 
;Pour ces raisons, et pour d'autres que je n'ai pas mentionnes ce matin, j'exhorte les dputs  rejeter le projet de loi C-302 quand il sera soumis au vote.  
;van damme fans should treat themselves to what may well be the man's best movie , and international action buffs will no doubt savor this flavorful hong kong/hollywood hybrid . 
;Cela constitue une grande lacune dans ce projet de loi. 
;Monsieur le Prsident, je trouve absolument amusant de voir les dputs du Bloc nous parler de la soif de visibilit, quand on voit qu'ils ont mme pris le nom de qubcois pour l'affubler au nom de leur parti et monopoliser les symboles de notre nation et quand on voit tous les efforts de publicit qu'ils ont faits dans les dernires semaines. 
;The member states involved in the negotiation of the agreement are discussing the issues among themselves. 
;4. toute allergie aux mdicaments d'tude.  
;``surviving spouses, either while married or while having been deemed to have been married.''  
;As it was not possible to change positions on the list of priorities, I ask the clerk to drop this motion to the bottom of the list.  
;miserable, it was less strange that I, an imperfect and solitary being,
;Mr. Speaker, as the hon. member for Charlevoix and a member of the Standing Committee on Transport, I believe we have a lot of work to do and a huge mandate to fulfil as a result of airline mergers and the restructuring of air transportation services in Canada.  
;Monsieur le Prsident, j'aimerais rappeler au dput de Charleswood St. James-Assiniboia quelle tait la situation il y a 20 ans, alors que j'effectuais  Winnipeg du travail documentaire sur la migration urbaine des autochtones et qu'il tait prsentateur  la radio de la SRC. 
;Comme le rvlait un sondage Angus Reid publi samedi dernier, 84 p. 100 des Canadiens prconisent l'utilisation de l'excdent budgtaire pour rembourser la dette ou rduire les impts. 
;Hon. Lloyd Axworthy 
;Motion no 33 
;      feelings of her friends, were requisite to check the indulgence
;sit back , watch the movie , laugh , scream , and whatever you want . 
;The Deputy Speaker:
;Ennuyeux en ce sens qu'il n'y a rien de compliqu. 
;"What do they say of us?"
;Am I right?  
;Mais de l  dire les partis, il y a une marge. 
;If we want to be seen as a fair player we have to support all UN resolutions equally and fairly. 
;LES ALIMENTS MODIFIS GNTIQUEMENT 
;Cynthia Applegarth does not want another cover-up to occur on the Tsuu T'ina reserve. 
;LE SNAT 
;La froide ralit, c'est qu'il y a dans ce pays 17 p. 100 de chmeurs chez les jeunes, un taux de chmage de 9 p. 100 dans le reste du pays et un taux de sous-emploi qui est suprieur  ce que quiconque ici peut imaginer.  
;Le dput de Sunshine Coast a pris la parole et a dclar: Nous voulons qu'ils nous consultent avant d'entreprendre des travaux de construction sur leurs terres. 
;-Fisheries and Oceans, Votes 1a, 5a and 10a 
;where do you find iodine	Iodine is required by higher animals , which use it to synthesize thyroid hormones , which contain the element .	0
;Par exemple, on y retrouve l'Association canadienne pour le droit  l'avortement, un groupe form de 7 500 femmes. 
;Last year, my party pushed to have this bill put back on the agenda. 
;The Deputy Speaker:
;I do not know to whom he was speaking at the FCM, but the executive director and the policy director were fully briefed. 
;PRESENCE IN GALLERY 
;where was princess diana from	She was well known for her fund-raising work for international charities and as an eminent celebrity of the late 20th century .	0
;unnecessary footmarks might make his task more difficult. For an hour
;La modification aurait pour effet, semble-t-il, de modifier le Code criminel en ce qui concerne les navires de croisire internationale, qui sont exempts de certaines dispositions du Code criminel.  
;La Constitution du Canada s'applique. 
;Bill C-3, as currently drafted, is seriously flawed, and will needlessly allow Canadians to be put at risk.  
;MORTIMER.
;Ceci suppose aussi un soutien continu  la Stratgie emploi jeunesse. 
;Si une dpute lue au provincial peut rire et se moquer des lois fdrales lors d'un scrutin, comment voulez-vous qu'on soit respects? 
;An individual should be required to report the source of bills being deposited.  
;there was no unnecessarily long setup explaining the concept behind the truman show , just a few quick title cards , a few interviews , and then right into the show , and the movie . 
;Combien de temps me reste-t-il, monsieur le Prsident? 
;However, they are very careful not to say how much or how they plan to go about it.  
;M. Darrel Stinson:
;Mr. Speaker, May 3 to May 7 in Montreal the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum will celebrate its centennial so the government is releasing a new stamp honouring mining. 
;It should be mentioned that, at the present time, the CPP policy takes the form of assets placed by the provinces in non-negotiable bonds. 
;L'ide de la milice remonte aux premiers jours de la Nouvelle-France. 
;Je propose: 
;how many albums has dmx sold to this date	DMX has sold over 30 million records worldwide , making him one of the best-selling hip-hop artists of all time .	1
;Rcemment, je voyais  la tlvision des consommateurs qui s'inquitaient de l'effet d'un prix plancher sur lequel on ajouterait un minimum de cots de fonctionnement qui seraient identifis pour permettre aux petits dtaillants de survivre.  
;We are not imagining things. 
;will never see me again.’”
;As members of parliament we should be there as facilitators. 
;gas-lamps flickered and became blue, and the leafless trees shook their
